# adityaraj.iitr@gmail.com - Wed, 04 Feb 2026 16:25:09 IST - Untitled

**Meeting Date:** 4th Feb, 2026 - 4:25 PM

---

**Rohan M V** *[00:44]*: How are you? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:51]*: Hi, am I audible now? 
**Rohan M V** *[00:55]*: Yes, yes, I hear you. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:57]*: Yeah, sorry, I somehow missed it. It was not showing up on calendar. But thank you for taking our time so quickly. I'll just go ahead with introducing myself. So I'm Ayatraj Singh. I graduated from IIT Roorkee and recently I was the Chief Operating officer at super AGI. So we do use your product actually Inkle for US accounting etc and yeah, so after a stint of around four years, after scaling the revenue from zero to two and a half million, right now I've taken a break and I'm starting something new. That's where I wanted some inputs from your side. Right. So basically what we're trying to do is we're trying to build a competitive intelligence tool now that AI has come in, right. And there are so many updates etc. In respect to the competitors that are coming up. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:56]*: So there are a lot of, obviously companies coming up, a lot of code that is getting developed very fast. Right. Pace is changing. That's where we thought that competitive intelligence is basically going to be on the forefront because like creating software is very cheap now. 
**Rohan M V** *[02:14]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:15]*: And less time taking. So yeah, we are working primarily to, just to give you an overview. We are working. 
**Rohan M V** *[02:25]*: To use LLM on. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:27]*: Top of the publicly available data like say the website. Right. What is the messaging, what are the case studies, what are the user feedback on G2Capter, etc. And then we also have the pricing page, right, the pricing page. How many people are visiting, what adverts are running? There are so many things that can be kind of thought about. Right. What roles are they hiring for? So in this realm I would like you to kind of explain probably the way you. What are the deliverables? Right. What are the deliverables and what are the processes that you go through to kind of achieve that? And is there any, say, step that takes a lot of time or feels inefficient at the moment? 
**Rohan M V** *[03:15]*: Okay, yeah, sure. I mean I think that's quite relevant and in fact, like in most of my roles there's always. So at least most companies used to, I mean they would like to believe, to think that they are quite unique in terms of their customers and. Sorry, in terms of their competitors. Right. And in that case, you know, it's quite clear for them already, I think. But definitely what this tool would come in handy is for product teams and marketing teams. For marketing teams especially. Because nowadays a lot of the content that goes out on comparisons between, you know, our Company and our competitor and, you know, how we stand out and also for product teams as to what new features, you know, are being launched in this space and things like that. 
**Rohan M V** *[04:12]*: So, I mean, the things that you listed out already are like solid deliverables. I mean, if. If there is one platform that can track all of this, I think definitely it would sort of make sense, I would say. Yeah. So the thing is. So now, for example, I've tried doing this on, for example, Claude and Charge. So it is for now picking up these signals maybe sometimes not accurate. So I just want to try and understand, like, how, you know, how a team would typically use it, like, who would you try and sell to? So that way I can think of a perspective that would makes best sense to me. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:58]*: So the Persona is probably right now not defined. So ideally, like after say three, four years, if it goes well, in that case, we would like to have something for each Persona, like each different department of the team, right? Because competitive intelligence is something that everybody requires and it's sparse. It's like on Slack, something is on the spreadsheet, right? Like pricing, etc. Finance team is doing something else. So there are information about competitors, customer success people, sales people. They get to know about it from the customer, it stays in their CRM, right? Does not at times flow to the finance or so. 
**Rohan M V** *[05:38]*: So all those. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:39]*: So final, the Persona should be across the board, like all the teams. But for the time being, I think that's what we. I'm trying to kind of understand. So I'm talking to product marketing managers, I'm talking to product managers, talking to finance people, right? What would interest them when they think about competitive intelligence and how do they basically price, package, etc. Right. And what do people kind of tell about that? So, yeah, TG is not, well, very well defined, but in say, perspective of a pm, if you can just elaborate, I think that would be. 
**Rohan M V** *[06:10]*: Yeah, so I'll give you a typical flow, right? I mean, you can start with. So let's say at Inkel, we launched, you know, three new AI agents, right? And then as soon as we develop those features, some of them were already in the product for a long time, but we'd not openly sort of marketed it or launched it. And then we planned it for last October. And some of the first things that we did were look at our direct competitors, look at all their websites and look at how they are, how are they branded it. For example, some tools they say you don't have to even look at the product. We are your Chartered accountants, or we are your accountants. Right. 
**Rohan M V** *[06:49]*: That way they're eliminating the fact that founders have to come look at a product and then, you know, talk to, you know, have a chat, whatever. So that is one approach. And then. And there's another company that's saying only AI agents. So all our AI agents are going to take care of it. So, you know, you don't have to. So like this, like, multitude of approaches and then that was a bit of manual work. So we had to like go look at each different companies and then go look at their website, mostly browsing websites. And then the funny thing is these are companies that we just know about. They may be. There are others that we don't even know that we may have missed. Right. And that is the sort of space where I think you will be most effective. 
**Rohan M V** *[07:31]*: Because now, for example, some friends of mine, they want to start a net tech startup and in their mind for a long time they're thinking it's a unique idea, but actually in reality they're like loads of people building something similar. Right. And I think like that is the space where I think it will create the best opportunities for usage. And then once you identify them, and then I think you can start with messaging. Like you could pick domains. So now let's say INCL Itself. You can say tax or bookkeeping or US incorporation. And then so how are each of these competitors? You know, a, right, from messaging or branding to what is their products called? Is it just a service? Is, do they have a product? Do they have AI? 
**Rohan M V** *[08:16]*: And I think that is the sort of, you know, detailed intelligence and then linking, obviously, all of it. Right. I think like, that is how what would help like a product marketing person because we, you know, whichever, whatever we launch, this is what we try to look at. Right. We don't want to be a very similar and also B, we don't want to be, you know, so radically different that people are not interested or something they've not looked at before, especially when we name our features or when we name those products and so on. So yeah, I think like that is how the usual flow would go on. 
**Rohan M V** *[08:54]*: And now, for example, on LinkedIn, I don't know if you observed they even do metrics as to how our company stands out with respect to our competitors based on LinkedIn submissions or LinkedIn, you know, number of posts published, number of reactions, interaction and so on. Maybe something similar also could make sense here for marketing teams. I mean, in general, how are these websites performing and like the engagement and things like That I think in general, like, that is what I think would drive growth. Like, that is what marketers would then take to their managers and say, yeah, this is something we'd like to use. I think. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:41]*: Understood, understood. And in terms of say, deliverables, what are the deliverables that generally a product marketing manager like yourself would have? 
**Rohan M V** *[09:52]*: We start off with maybe like a feature table, I think with like features and how different competitors stack across those features. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:00]*: Battle cards, probably. 
**Rohan M V** *[10:03]*: No, like a feature table where you list all the features that you would like to compare and then all the different companies, you know, how they manage those features. I mean, in some cases maybe they don't have that feature itself. In some cases, then use always hyper focus on that. So I think like for me, if I had a dashboard, right, for comparative analysis, I should be able to A, choose the domains or features and then B, choose the competitors I want to, you know, analyze or like check or compare. And then it should draw like a, you know, fill those columns and rows with, okay, this is how they manage. And that is like core, how at least like a dashboard, I think could look like. 
**Rohan M V** *[10:49]*: And then obviously digging deeper, all the things that you mentioned, right, Once you open any of those, you should be able to see those things. But as an overview, I would say the feature table, at least for how my brain works, is the best way to analyze this and then get a good overview. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:08]*: Okay. Won't AI say help in case studies etc and battle cards? 
**Rohan M V** *[11:14]*: I mean definitely that is a step lower to this because this is like an overarching overview. And then you choose, maybe you can shortlist one or two competitors and then dig, dive into battle cards. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:28]*: Okay. Okay, understood. And so currently, how do you track competitors? What are the messaging and how they are perceived in social and say reviews platforms? 
**Rohan M V** *[11:45]*: So now to be honest, it's all manual. We have listed all our competitors on Notion and we've linked our competitors on LinkedIn. So we know how our posts are performing versus theirs. You know, how many followers we got on average versus this and those kind of comparisons on LinkedIn. But that is automated. But on Notion, what we have is just listed. And also like we've had like brief descriptions as to, you know, what they do and how they're similar, how they're different. And that's manually done and it needs to be updated every now and then. So whenever, when a new person joins, for example, the marketing team, the first things that we do is read up about Inkel and our products and then read about competitors. I think that Way it gives a good sense of how in the how. 
**Rohan M V** *[12:32]*: For example, in marketing it's important because communicating and keywords are very important. Important, right. I mean that gives a good idea as to what words are being used. You know, how is the same concept being communicated by them? And why are we doing it this way? Why are we doing it and why is there that difference? Like who are we trying to sell to, who are they trying to sell to? And that is. That is how you dig deeper. And also I feel like most startups in the stages that we are usually they look up to, you know, other bigger companies that are solving this. Right. At a bigger scale. And then for them that is always like one of the holy grail. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:16]*: Yeah. 
**Rohan M V** *[13:17]*: Like that is how you always like, oh shit, they are saying they're calling their agents this or maybe they've done a lot of research on it. So maybe we should also think of something. I think like that is how, you know, a lot of the driving forces are. So maybe that is also something you could look into. I mean you could have like stages, right. You could look at competitors from which, you know. How do I put this sounds like it can't just be a comparison. I think it should also be a bit of learning as to like what. 
**Rohan M V** *[13:54]*: How they are better in terms of like they should be ages that can, you know, maybe track that like how their messaging is performing and which one is better and stuff rather than leaving it to the marketers who already have a bias on their work. It's something to think about. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:19]*: Yeah. So I think through removing the bias actually that we all have gives a fresh perspective. Right. And obviously it has gone through a lot of document. 
**Rohan M V** *[14:28]*: Yeah, got it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:29]*: So basically what I understood from this is like how do you track it in a notion, right? The frequency of update is that updated like weekly or monthly or something? 
**Rohan M V** *[14:44]*: Actually, maybe once in a quarter maximum. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:46]*: Once in a quarter. 
**Rohan M V** *[14:48]*: Because it's very manual. I mean someone has to go through all of their website and see, for example, one of our competitors is doing a firing for free. And then we noticed it. And then we are also for example planning like things like that. No, I think like that. That we only can notice it because we looking at those websites. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:10]*: Correct. And if that alert would have come to you as soon as they would have might probably launched or the next day at least. Right. Then you would have like a faster. 
**Rohan M V** *[15:20]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:21]*: Reaction to that. Right. 
**Rohan M V** *[15:22]*: Which is why I think like. So for company A, there are specific domains that they want to target. Right. So Those domains and then any news correlating to that domain and those competitors, it should sort of ping marketers, founders, all of them are interested in it. Like, like that is what I think we'll like get at least get the catch the eye and get the interest on. For example, I'll tell you one more thing. Like our, you know, whenever our customers raise, you know, fundraisers like we want to post and it's impossible because we have like 500 plus customers. How do I go and track 500 customers as to who is like I can't follow their LinkedIn and so on. Like maybe even that could be like a factor like competitors if they raise money, you know, what is their press release saying? 
**Rohan M V** *[16:15]*: What are they going to be working on next? Like things like that I think would be very relevant. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:21]*: Correct, Correct. I think all the customer side we never thought of like when the customer releases a fundraise and so a PR article and then that we flow into but competitors for sure. I think that is something that were thinking on. But I think nice point. We can kind of see because at the end finally it helps probably the whole company. Right. 
**Rohan M V** *[16:43]*: And because usually in those press releases more often than not they talk about what you know, where are they going to grow their team, like what is the plan. And also it's good to know I think how this market is growing for most importantly for founders, I think that particular factor than marketers. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:03]*: So you told about messaging and the cadence at which you say check the messaging quality in Ocean Dock, right. So how many competitors do you generally track? Like whenever you do in a quarter, how many competitors would that table be of? 
**Rohan M V** *[17:18]*: I think we currently have about five to six. I think like that because we generally operate in one market and we only want to focus on those. And also we are like you may know already, we are only targeting startups. So I think it's already very niche and I. So for us it's been easy but in my previous role it was quite different. That was in Sweden and there we wanted to sell internationally in all markets and then it was close to impossible because in that industry there are companies, you know, like, you know their whole office is as big. Like that is the only operations they have they own. It's like a family run business. They don't even have proper linkedins, they don't even have proper websites. 
**Rohan M V** *[18:03]*: In those kind of cases it's all like digging deep in the like mechanical engineering forums and production forums and then trying to figure out who these people are. So I think there it's a different case but for software and you know it definitely this is easy but. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:25]*: Like you said, I think shifting geography or opening something in a new geography is also somewhere where you can get help of this tool that we are envisioning. Right? 
**Rohan M V** *[18:35]*: Yeah, yeah, I think definitely. I feel like throughout. So right from you know, checking from the idea stage, like okay, I have this thought of, you know, it could be a good product right from there, I mean it's not like oh this product already has five competitors or maybe it won't work but more in the fact of positively turning it. Okay, so they are doing all this is what is missing. That is how they should be able to conceive it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:05]*: That is true. The only thing that we TV that were thinking because were thinking B2B companies, right? Like yourself, like super easy etc. So what why I was not thinking personally of going into this domain where founders can. Because when you're bootstrap, right you already have like shortage of money etc. Right. You don't want to spend say 200 apart from chat GPT Gemini already you are paying, right? So after that paying another like say we have to price it for at least 100 or 200 for sure. Right. So in. Because that will basically be the cost of kind of scraping all this data then running all the intelligence on top of it. So economically probably they won't be very interested in buying it. Although it will be definitely relevant for sure. But I think. Yeah, nice thought. I will also think on this point. 
**Rohan M V** *[20:03]*: Yeah Because I feel like that's the sort of the general approach. Like I mean Even if it's B2B now, let's say now find. Okay, this is a new product. Like my first thing is to go and like test it. So you would have to give some sort of free, you know, searches or some sort of free analysis for me to get interested into your product. And I would say like why not give that same level to anyone. Anyone can come sign up and then check but then from there on they have to pay. Like that is the hook. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:39]*: Probably we can open it and then people can try and kind of say use it if they like it, if they can pay otherwise obviously they're not paying. 
**Rohan M V** *[20:48]*: No, I think that's definitely bring a lot of noise. But I think it's for you guys to decide. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:55]*: Yeah, were thinking more of like it's already established company because initially that will better off in paying for such a tool and then probably later on we can Branch it out and create a smaller version for say general public, etc. Right. But I think, yeah, important point here that you mentioned. Okay, so right now if an competitor, say, launches a new feature or say they change their pricing, right? How, how quickly do you find that Intel? 
**Rohan M V** *[21:29]*: I mean, so most of us follow most of our competitors on LinkedIn. And Anand, our CEO is like extremely active on what our competitors are doing. So he's the first one to sniff anything and then he'll keep sending us. But yeah, again, it's very manual. There are chances where we may have missed a lot of things and we only know about it when we do that deep check once, you know, whenever we do that. So yeah, like that is definitely a miss. And, and yeah, like maybe getting notified about these kind of things would be super helpful. And pricing changes is also like very hard to track. I mean one would have to look at their, you know, website and then like what would also be interesting is their partners, right? 
**Rohan M V** *[22:20]*: So for example, we partnered with like the residency and quite a few people and then we get discounts from them that would also be very relevant. Like who are their, what are they with, who are they partnered with? Like what kind of discounts they give? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:37]*: And then you kind of say, you can map it. Like, okay, these are partnering with these certain folks. We are missing this section. Right? We can go and approach them. Correct, Correct. 
**Rohan M V** *[22:48]*: That would be in B2B. I feel like most people have already made a decision even before they start looking for a tool. And then some factors that affect that decision are a, partners, do they have like some discounts? Have they heard about these companies before and stuff like that. Like from a marketing perspective, that's why like we target a potential customer way before they're even in the market because then they've got then throughout that journey until they come to that sort of market, they would have heard about the company, they would have heard about the brand through partners, through social media, wherever. Right. And then when they come to that point where they need a solution like this, like Inkle should be on top of their mind. Like that is how we think. 
**Rohan M V** *[23:35]*: So yeah, I mean, what all, you know, we need from our competitor analysis to make that journey, you know, and to communicate it to those potential customers is what you guys. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:47]*: And, and talking about reviews, etc, do you keep a track of that also reviews on G2, Captain E.T. 
**Rohan M V** *[23:55]*: To be honest, no, actually. I mean, we hardly sometimes keep track of our reviews. I think in like startups, our stage, it's just about you know, if it's not automated, it's not going to happen or it's not like you know someone has to check every week. But yeah, that would be very nice. I mean to have like, you know, I don't know if you have access to your LinkedIn corporate because there you can check add your competitors and then you how you rank versus your competitors. A similar sort of leaderboard like okay, on G2 or wherever this is how you rank would be very nice. I mean even like I've seen founders also take class door very seriously. Like even those kind of things that bring in employees would also be very nice. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:48]*: Got it, got it. And so let me just like try to re phrase the question. If you have, if you get a weekly say update would that work better or should it be daily? How do you think about the frequency of this intel? 
**Rohan M V** *[25:11]*: Definitely weekly because that is when like we at least we do a short weekly report and then once in two weeks we do like analysis. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:22]*: Right. 
**Rohan M V** *[25:22]*: And I think that would be helpful. And oh I missed one more thing. So you could also rank GEO and SEO. Like how you know these brands or these companies are ranking in geo. Like how, like how many times are these companies showing up on ChatGPT, Gemini, Claude, complexity, whatever and then also like ratings. I think that would be like we have been using a different tool for that. But I mean if you, I mean I, I don't know if it's very complicated to actually have in this because that is like I can quickly show you one actually. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:02]*: Yeah, one of my friends, he's co founded a company called Interact Gen. So they are also doing exactly similar thing where they are kind of first checking what is the category and how your name appears. 
**Rohan M V** *[26:17]*: So yeah, so this is the like a similar leaderboard like you have like different brands and then you have all the different metrics here. And where is this? Okay, maybe overview. Yeah, like I think like these kind of things are quite important and when I meant by like a feature board based on different domains or topics, this is what I had in mind. So these are all domains that we listed like we want to sell or we have services. And then this is ranking like in geo that is in chat, AI chatbots. Like how are our messaging ranking? Like in Delaware? Like we are number one form 1120, we are at number four. So I think like these are the kind of dashboards that I think would make things interesting for actively want to set. 
**Rohan M V** *[27:09]*: So we should be able to like list these things and then compare with our competitors. As to how we are performing in these topics. And then if they release a new product feature in one of these, it should pop up somewhere here. I don't know, something like that. I think that would be interesting. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:26]*: And they also gave Reddit. Is it Reddit? 
**Rohan M V** *[27:29]*: Yeah. So they have this. What we can do with this is for the same topics. So let's say this, it shows all the Reddit threads related to that topic. Then we can go and like reply because apparently these AI agents pick a lot of its context from Reddit. So if you mention the brand there. Super strong. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:53]*: Yeah. Sam Altman is invested in Reddit so they are using it. Thanks. 
**Rohan M V** *[28:02]*: Check out maybe those things also would be relevant because I feel like in this day using like 10 cent, you know, there's so many apps it's like hard to keep track of. I mean I myself you are at tinkle maybe I'm like I'm paying for two, three apps that I rarely open. So I feel like what are the things that you know, you can feel like, you know, you could include quite easily and make it like one app that I would actually want to open. Like that is something to think about because otherwise I feel like the churn rate will be like a bit on the higher side if it's like super focused, especially in B2B on something. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:49]*: Understood. And like when you design the campaigns, etc. Right. Case studies, whatever. So how do you measure the impact whether it actually worked or not? Like any signals for them? 
**Rohan M V** *[29:00]*: You mean the comparisons with. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:03]*: Yeah, let's talk about like you said, right. Feature table. Right. And you have given it on your website, you have put it there. Now did it actually work or not? How do you kind of arrive at that? Or also in another context, probably the messaging in your case studies. Right. And how do you measure whether it was it hit the right note or not? 
**Rohan M V** *[29:29]*: So we write a lot of blogs. For example, recently we wrote one Inkle vs Zeni and there we have like a feature table. And I mean blogs like most of our, you know, inbound leads come through our blogs getting featured on, you know, they're good SEO and then they're also good for a geo and they always like our blogs show up on ChatGPT perplexity, all these chatbots, right. So okay, this sort of a new feature idea for you guys, I mean you can also be like choose company A, company B and say generate an SEO or geo friendly blog, comparing those two and then you can choose topics and then generate a blog. Like even the app that I showed you they have that feature. But that is what we mainly do. And then. Yeah, how do we track, like, it's. It's so hard. 
**Rohan M V** *[30:24]*: I mean, how do we check? I mean, for us, at the end of the day, it's the number of leads that come in and from what page they got entered the website that is basically like the only thing we track. And then we measure. And then because, you know, we are in the market where it's very seasonal, like, we only focus on deadlines. So all our focus is on promoting those deadlines and then like following up. So it's like we're not really tracking how the other pages are performing or how the blogs are performing all the time. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:55]*: Got it. All right. So the messaging is also around deadlines, basically. 
**Rohan M V** *[30:58]*: It's always around deadlines. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:01]*: Got it, got it. Okay. And yeah, I think I asked most of the questions. I'm just thinking if I'm missing something. Yeah. So if you are obviously launching product, there are a lot of product launches, Right. So in that case, what would you wish that you had at your desktop? Right. But you don't have it right now. So. Yeah, something that would really help you during a product launch. 
**Rohan M V** *[31:33]*: During the product launch. I mean, I know that it's like in this context regarding, like how competitors and so on. I don't know. I think by the time of the launch, like, the product team would have already looked at like a feature table and then we would have already seen. And then based on our discussions with them, we would already know how. And so it is differentiating and like, why this particular feature or product. But from then on it is like, I'll give you the flow, like, we then go look at all our competitors websites, look at those features and then see like how they've been mentioning it. In fact, even like when we launched the AI agents, we wanted to put it on our website, Navbar. You know, we actually did like a research of like the top five competitors. 
**Rohan M V** *[32:26]*: Where on the Navbar do they have their AI agents? Is it their first thing? Is it their third thing, like, how much focus, you know, they're putting on it? And then were like, okay, we should do this. And then we did it, but we didn't really see good traffic. So we put it inside the product. Like, I think, like, I don't know if I needed one thing, but maybe like I said, like a leaderboard on topics. Right. And how. Because then it gives us a good idea what is working for them. Let's say for Delaware, if we are doing. If we are showing up as number one for Delaware Franchise tax, then we can come look at. Okay, what is working and what can we replicate for the other topics. 
**Rohan M V** *[33:05]*: I think something like that would be cool especially when launching a new product because then you can see what is working on the other topics and then come back and then try to like replicate it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:17]*: Understood, Understood. Thanks for that. And all the. What are the tools set that you use currently simply is one obviously. 
**Rohan M V** *[33:27]*: We. I mean for CRM we're using Atio and for. I mean the sales team they use like Apollo Play and several like several others for data enrichment and I use Midbound to track people that are coming to the website and enrich like get their emails and so on and what else? Yeah, I think like these are like the main tools at least that we use. Yeah, that's mostly it. I mean nothing else that is marketing related I think. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:03]*: Got it. So right now Swiftly kind of solves most of your problems. 
**Rohan M V** *[34:09]*: Yeah, but they're super focused only on Geo. I mean it would be great to get something for SEO that is similar but people are saying SEO is dead. I don't believe it could be nice. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:20]*: That's debatable. 
**Rohan M V** *[34:21]*: Yeah, yeah, right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:24]*: But got it. No, why I wanted to understand is because since you're taking some decisions on safely. Also is it a good option for us to probably integrate such tools along with so that whatever intel comes there that can be operationalized via C. Right. Does it, does it help you to also say seed in topics in Reddit? It did, but say for Geo, does it prompt the LLM and kind of say creates a bias for you? 
**Rohan M V** *[34:54]*: Sorry, I didn't get you. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:56]*: So, so the citation that you said right. You had it on ciply. So say if you type one of the keywords right, say what was the tax accounting or Delaware filing? Right, Franchisee tax. So in that case does swiftly also kind of help you improve that? So if you are ranking today 1st sorry 10th. So will you increase to 4th if you use Swiftly? Do they have such a certain type of feature? 
**Rohan M V** *[35:23]*: I mean like ideally that is what should happen if I mean they have so simply also has like generate blocks and then simply has like so ideally I think how they are, how they sold it to us. So I'm not using it primarily. The other PMM is using it. How what they say is so A you can track how you're ranking and B you can generate, you know, content that is geo friendly from us. So in the app you can choose a topic, choose the Prompt it will create a blog and then you can use the blog straight away, like whatever you want to do with it. And then three for Reddit. So it gives the Reddit threads like that is important. So otherwise I would have to put like three, four people sitting, opening Reddit or following all these topics. 
**Rohan M V** *[36:10]*: So now it is sort of already, you know, giving all the relevant threads on these specific topics. So then we can just go and reply and not directly sell, but just, you know, give info and casually, you know, mentioning other competitors there and then. Yeah, so like these are the kind of, then they say if you do all this the ranking will improve. But I, I feel like that will take like three, four months to actually improve. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:39]*: Yeah, for sure that will take time. But just that there are some tools that I saw that are also kind of. They started because the later you start, the compounding basically has already started for the other competitor, right? 
**Rohan M V** *[36:52]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:53]*: So hence I was asking, does it also give that functionality of biasing the LLMs also? 
**Rohan M V** *[37:00]*: Yeah, I mean if they say that by doing this on Reddit and by giving blogs, it should improve. I mean our blogs are already like even. Because I mean I looked at the block that it generated. It's very similar to what we would do for a normal SEO block. So I don't know if that will make a lot of a difference but I feel like the Reddit game will actually change next year. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:24]*: Got it, got it. And say if you ask your is the time okay? Like it's already. Got it, got it. So you obviously communicate a lot with the sales team and the CS team, etc, right? To get the intelligence of like say how did we beat the customer? Etc. So are you usually satisfied with that answer? Like, and is the response time like, what is the response time? 
**Rohan M V** *[37:54]*: Like, sorry, how they like I didn't get this question. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:59]*: So, so what I'm asking is a lot of times when we are doing, say creating case studies, we are creating collaterals, right? In that case you have to talk to your sales team, right? And at times you obviously ask whether this worked or not, right? Or how did we, how did Inkle probably beat another professional services firm that is out there, right? So does the sales team give you that intel? Do you get that intel usually? Or like how is it? 
**Rohan M V** *[38:29]*: So I think, because I, I. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:32]*: What I have observed is it's known fact that obviously product marketing manager has to kind of talk to a lot of people, right? The product team, the CS team, sales team, and they try to talk also. But at times they are still not able to get the crux of like, why did we win this? Or what actually stood out. Right? And this happens a lot because were operating in the US and the AES used to come at night and the PMM was india time. So that overlap was not happening. A lot of simple things were like falling. So hence I'm just trying to inquire and understand. 
**Rohan M V** *[39:08]*: No, I, I feel like I said, I was reading an article so before, you know, especially in B2B and mostly I think also in B2C, before a decision on a purchase of a particular service or a product is made, like, even before they start, you know, thinking of that, they need the product. Like they already have like a couple of companies in mind that they want to, you know, get, you know, at least try out. Right? So from marketing perspective, that is a what we want to first figure out. Like when someone requests a voting a meeting on a website, like, we want to know, did they come through SEO? Did they come through LinkedIn? You know, that is some of the first things we ask. Are you still on the call because you stuck? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:54]*: Yeah. 
**Rohan M V** *[39:55]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:55]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Rohan M V** *[39:58]*: That, that is what we want to know. Like that is some good, that is good validation is for us to know if what we're doing is working or not. And then like, once they get on the sales call, I feel like what usually stands out is pricing, what kind of more discounts we can give and then like credibility. I feel like if we can show to them that, you know, we've been able to do this with these many customers and that these many of them are, let's say, YC alumni, like that itself will like promote them. Combined with, you know, how our pricing is so much different to how our competitors operate. 
**Rohan M V** *[40:40]*: And I think like our whole role for me as a product marketing, at least you are at Inkel, like our whole role is just driving as many people as possible to go and get that sales meeting right after that. Like, I feel like that decision, like once they book a meeting, that decision for them in my mind is almost 50, 60% done to get onboarded. And then the. Also like what has helped us a lot is partnerships. Like most of our new customers come from partnerships. Like a lot of the, you know, for example, Fine Corporation, we partnered with Stripe and Clerky. So through them we get a lot of incorporation, you know, customers. Like that is what drives. Because in that case, like what we at sales and marketing do is get onboarded with as many partners as possible and then validating it. 
**Rohan M V** *[41:39]*: I think like that is usually the type of conversations we have. And then yeah like you said, communication can be hard. So in fact like my. When I first started here, my work timings were 3pm to 12am Indian time. But then like we realized that was not really working. Like our creativity was like zero after 7pm 8pm so were like okay, let's change it. So now what we do is we have a 30 minute to one hour meeting once a day. That's usually at 12am Indian time. 12pm sorry, 12pm Indian time. And then by the time they wake up on the next morning, everything that they would have asked for is ready. They can use it the next day. 
**Rohan M V** *[42:26]*: So that is usually how like we plan and we communicate and then yeah, like that is when we most plan most of the things and then like obviously we're active once like in the something you know works. Something does not work for example with one of the salesperson. We started this new strategy on cold outreach and it actually worked. And yeah, so those kind of things obviously we keep in touch on WhatsApp, Slack and communicate. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[42:55]*: Understood, Understood. I. I would like to just quickly show you a draft report that were trying to work on. We'll probably prioritize it later but it looks like this. So we are working with, we're trying to kind of talk to higher rads and create a report for them. Right. 
**Rohan M V** *[43:15]*: So blurry. One second. Okay. Yeah, yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[43:20]*: Okay. So basically it something like if you see Flowcast, it's a competitor, right. So they are going up market, right. Expanding in the mid market and the evidence for that is like say G2 review 43% year on year, right. They have hired six enterprise A. They have launched Netsuite advanced closed five days channel marketing campaign targeting backline weakness. Right. So similarly for higher ideas that they are food bundling and AI differentiation is one of the strategies that they are using. So why because they had three enterprise wins, right. Acquired this AI startup. I had 12 product managers and G2 review. This was the G2 review right. That they got. So accordingly it's trying to kind of give you similarly for other competitors. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:15]*: Then there is a strategic drip timeline where we get what exactly they are doing right in that month or basically as soon as they do it's get it gets populated. Like they acquired this, they have rebranded PNA to plan full office of cfo right. All these small things and then hiring signal as I told you, right. So how many roles etc are open and then customers analysis, sentiment analysis last 90 days, how many reviews have they got, what is the average and what is the trend, etc. Right. And any important ones that we need to highlight. And then we try, we are trying to kind of build a predictive intelligence on top of this which kind of gives you like. Okay. That it will announce Enterprise edition with black line parity features. Okay. And the confidence score is 87. Why? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:11]*: Because they have hired so many enterprise A. Right. Due to reviews like three Fortune thousand companies have reviewed them and advanced integration. So these hypothesis at times, because this is with the TA team. Right. This is with say the marketing team, this is with the product team, this is with CS team at times. Right. So there are four different people who have different insights. But since we are the data is scattered and etc. Right. So we're not able to probably think that this might be a possible outcome. Right? 
**Rohan M V** *[45:46]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:47]*: And then higher ads might launch an AI agent. So why is that? Because of these factors. So patent filing is not part of our daily work. Legal team would know that. Right. So in that case predictive intelligence and then strategic recommendations on how we can improve. Right. So bundling offers and kind of say pricing drops that we are anticipating from other companies etc. Right. So does this kind of a report? This is a report, we'll probably prioritize. 
**Rohan M V** *[46:21]*: It but we just wanted to test. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:22]*: If it's doing a good job or not. Does this seem helpful to you? 
**Rohan M V** *[46:27]*: I think most definitely, but I feel like it's most helpful for founders. Like it depends on the stage of the company. If it's like stage, let's say we are I think or like a lot of the growth startups, founders would be the most interested I think in looking at that report because like from a marketing perspective they would want like something deeper. Let's say only in messaging or only on pricing and things like that. But this is amazing analysis because you see, I mean like in maybe in bigger companies the founders and the teams are like a bit more disconnected. But in growth companies like in our size we are speaking every day. So if they report even once a week, like that should drive the conversation. I think. 
**Rohan M V** *[47:17]*: Yeah, that is at least what I feel based on how I've seen startups operate, including. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[47:25]*: No. So I think this is just a rough thing and we are trying it out. But then again for marketing also it can be a separate tab, right. Where the messaging instead of that drift of hiring, messaging, etc, everything club together. Yeah. We can have a drip timeline of the messaging so that you know, last year, what was their messaging? Now six years, sorry, six months before what was the messaging and today what is the messaging? Because we at times have that but it's not collated in one place so becomes difficult and not for every competitor. Also. Right. We might do it for the change log thing. Etc. Right. AdWords. What was the change in AdWords? Because we are in any case kind of say once we start tracking it then it becomes. It can be something that we can action upon. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:11]*: So does this kind of say look helpful to you? 
**Rohan M V** *[48:16]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:16]*: Prioritized. 
**Rohan M V** *[48:17]*: Yeah, Yeah, I feel like it will be helpful and more importantly to be able to like in a way because I feel like in general human brains like to rank stuff. So if they could be ranked based on how they're performing on competitors and how, you know, what was the rank last month to this month, you know, like that data would be like nice. I feel like that is what would really help. Otherwise it's going to be manual so I would still have to come to the product and then like I would only do that when we are doing something on that particular feature or product. Like what can you do to bring them to that particular page more often? I think that is where I think you could look at. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[49:06]*: Got it, got it. Okay. Thank you so much Rohan for taking our time. I think probably I'd like to stay connected and once we have some working features or etc. Right on the product, that's where I would want you to definitely test it out and if you like it, probably recommend it to others and. And probably I'll take to Anand also. 
**Rohan M V** *[49:29]*: So yeah, definitely. I'm happy that I could be of any help. Let's stay. Pretty much. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[49:34]*: For sure, for sure. So many good insights. 
**Rohan M V** *[49:38]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[49:38]*: And thank you so much for taking out time and especially that it got delayed and still you managed to or sleep. Okay Rohan, have a good day. We'll stay connected. Thank you. Bye. 
