# adityaraj.iitr@gmail.com - Wed, 04 Feb 2026 13:13:13 IST - Untitled

**Meeting Date:** 4th Feb, 2026 - 1:13 PM

---

**Tanvir Rajput** *[00:02]*: Hello? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:07]*: Am I audible? Are you able to hear me? 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[00:22]*: Hey Aditya, just give me a minute. There is a parcel shift. Hey. Hi. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:47]*: Yeah, I'm audible. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[02:49]*: Yeah, so I was telling you like there are two parts of it and pre AI era to engage with tools. Maybe clay or creon which would deliver us in our email the live, the battle cards and stuff. But post AI era what I have done personally I've created some AI agents on chat GPT subscription model and it does the same. It scrapes the website of the competitors and it automatically maintains like a live scorecard which gets updated every week and ships inside my email. So this is about research but for positioning it is more of an in house work where we involve somebody from a product team or most of the time a CPO is also involved to understand how we could be differentially positioned to our competitors. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[03:37]*: Like one of our biggest competitor is codesignal but they are only regional, specific and inside product there are always things like we have this, you don't have this, we have this, you don't have this. But outside of this there are a high level positioning on what this feature is for or maybe if there is any kind of case study how did it solve somebody's pain point. So this positioning usually happens on a very strategic level and for this positioning usually there is a workshop between somebody from field team from different region, somebody from product or maybe somebody from the leadership team. So positioning takes a lot of time. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:18]*: Got it. So basically right now you're saying that the messaging, etc. Of the competitors that you are, that you have created a ChatGPT agent, right, which does the work for you and gives you synapses of the whole thing. And for positioning it's a larger exercise and obviously you don't change it a lot. But does the like say talking to. Sorry. Seeing other competitors and their changes, does it impact your positioning, your play or what is the frequency of that? If you can just. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[04:50]*: Yeah. So I'll talk to you about like two main pain points which every organization has and typically it's the biggest pain point for a product marketing manager. Also is that as soon as you publish a page or as soon as you create a document about a competitor saying that we have this and you don't have this, it becomes stale the next week because the moment you make announcement that you are better than let's say code signal in XYZ next, within next week they will also upload a web page saying that we are better than HackerRank in this way, in that way, and it's always like a tussle of war. Which is why mostly competitive positioning is something which is not my P0 typically. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[05:33]*: So we ideally look to get a software to do this and sometimes we do not invest too much into this because the nature, because of the nature, it gets stale very quickly. And the second problem that I have seen is convincing customers that sometimes competitors are also lying. So what happens is, as you would know, like we cannot sign up on our competitor's page with our company email or even with Gmail. So getting inside their product is a little tricky. You might have to, you know, seduce into somebody else account or pretend to be somebody else. And when you go inside the product, you sometimes see that they are claiming, let's say they have X feature. But inside product there is nothing like that. But in that case, you cannot prove this to your customer who is going through a competitive deal. Right. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[06:21]*: Because how would you do it? So that is one other problem for. I would really love a product which can help me go inside the competitor product and get insights from there. Everyone every PM can, you know, scrape their website, understand what they have written on their website. But that is all I think very basic now AI agents are being able to do it. A product which would be able to look inside the competitor's product, maybe even if it's a free trial product. That would be great is what I think. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:57]*: Got it. No, that. Thanks for highlighting that. That is something that yeah, we'll definitely think about. Although it's a little difficult to kind of bypass that whole wall of user sign up and going into it. It also depends on the company whether they want to kind of allow bots to kind of enter or not. Right then. Yeah, but fair point. I think that makes sense. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[07:20]*: How we are doing would be like a help for you. So we are engaging with external agencies to do this for us. So we work with couple of agencies. One of them is called satrs, which does interviews and they act like a false buyer for us. They would go to, let's say code signal. They'll pretend to be somebody's HR who's looking to buy this software and then they'll engage with their sales team, get a free demo. They do demo on our behalf to understand what is done. So this is how a lot of companies are doing it. I know it's not. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[07:53]*: Yeah, a lot of companies like definitely do this. So demo. I think taking a demo is the basic thing that a lot of people do. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[08:01]*: Right. And it's. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[08:02]*: Yeah, it's borderline ethical but I think it's done both ways. So yeah, I think everybody is in the mud here. Right. So got the point. The main pain point is whether you can go inside and check whether the all the features listed etc. Right. Is it adding up inside the product? Right. So that is one thing for sure. Okay, can you just walk me how do you like for product marketing manager? Right. There are case studies, everything that is enabling the sales and marketing team. Right. With collaboration with product and customer success also. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[08:38]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[08:39]*: So how do you like what are the different probably deliverables that you have? I know Battle cards is one. Right. A case study is two apart from this and like can you just walk me through the most painful part of it? You're using Clue and crayon right now? 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[08:57]*: No, not now. This was before AI in my previous company and I'm not sure if they are using it now also. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:04]*: Okay, okay. In your previous company and like why do you say before the AI era do these tools don't have proper like AI capabilities? 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[09:16]*: So I think the deliverable that they have right now is something that we can very easily do with agentic modes. They promise to like deliver weekly updated battle cards which I can very easily do on chat GPT also or on cloud. But the only differentiated thing that they promised to do is they design the battle card in a way that I can share it to the customer directly. Like the designing is what something they take care of. But in chat GBD it's only text based. Right. Such a small design upliftment. I do not think it's worth paying $40,000 to a company. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:57]*: Okay. It's 40,000 per year. Is it? 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[09:58]*: Yeah, it depends on number of sales but it was very expensive. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:03]*: And apart from that you like when was this? When were you using clue? Probably three years ago. Two years. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[10:09]*: 2022. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:10]*: 2022. Okay. Three years ago it didn't have proper like differentiation with the Z GPT. Yeah, right. How is it helpful except for the design part where they would customize it according to your brand's guidelines. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[10:25]*: Correct? Yeah. I mean on their website they talk about all the big stuff that they would do positioning like see they say number one, AI competitive intelligence software. It can be very easily done with all the LLM tools. I don't know like what kind of positioning they have right now. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:49]*: Got it, got it. Understood. No, I think they are saying AI only. Yeah, that's the positioning because they have a introducing compete agent. Yeah, your competitive intel operated. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[11:03]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:04]*: And I think it gives you Insights into win loss etc. This is your they integrate with the CRM correct? Yeah and they fetch all the nodes. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[11:15]*: They started doing now. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:17]*: Okay, okay. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[11:21]*: Inside gong also there is a compete gong There are a lot of companies doing this similar thing and which product. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:31]*: Like have you felt is like the best probably say for generation of battle cards, case studies etc. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[11:39]*: See we are internally using Outreach and Kaya and it does a fair job like it. Honestly Comp intel was not such a big use big part of my day to day struggles here it was supposed to come up in Q1 where someone from a demand gen team, a director of demand gen wanted to run a compact comp intel program. See Aditya again I would give you some more insight. Usually comp intel programs comes up when there is a direction from Sage to take out competitors on some of your deals. So recently OpenAI was our customer and it got to a competitor called codepad and now we are thinking of running a competitive takeout program which will be like a 360 degree program of what competitors have their account emailing them account with our ROI calculator better value targeting them on LinkedIn etc. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[12:42]*: So this kind of tool would be useful but not something would only does like a competitive research. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:50]*: Got it. So ROI calculator is something that you pitch right in your emails etc. When you're doing the ABM. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[12:56]*: Yeah we show the value of hacker rank over coder pad in the email that we pitch and then we target those the same Persona across all the social media platform like LinkedIn etc and then we share case studies of customers who have switched from that competitor to this to us and things like that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:17]*: So as I understood ROI calculator, battle cards your case studies, right. And then probably content on the social media etc. From a product lens more from a broad lens from your side rather than only marketing and marketing side. Got it. And what is the most difficult part still like of the whole thing in combination in kind of creating these battle cards etc case study what is the most painful things still after like you still have chat GPT what would be that one painful thing? 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[13:57]*: The most painful thing is like see hackerrank is on an enterprise grade right now and we follow a quarterly release. But lot of our competitors are still young startups like Codesignal. They have release cycle of two weeks. So which means whatever we launch in a quarter they would see like this is the differentiation of HackerRank and they would release it after two weeks. So for me the problem is to find different Ways to get inside their product again and again. Like even if I create a fake ready by my friends or anyone else log in that product after two weeks, it's still because my free trial period would have got over by two weeks. And since they have such a short release cycle, they can do it over and over again. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[14:39]*: So which is my problem, which is number one problem is getting inside their product. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:44]*: Don't they give say any announcements on such releases on the website, etc. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[14:52]*: They do, they do their release notes but they announce it like I think quarterly. And also some of the release notes are very vague. The kind of release notes they write, you wouldn't be able to make out what the switch exactly do. And they give like a hyperlink to talk to sales to know about it more. Talk to someone from field, talk to an engineering manager or something. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:16]*: Got it? Understood. Understood. Okay. And when a competitor say again changes a new feature and say pricing changes, how quickly do you find out that? 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[15:33]*: Not so quick until. Unless there is a dedicated person who is signed on comb intel, we usually find it after maybe a couple of weeks or even a month or until when a lead says that oh you are 2x more expensive than our competitor, only then we do it. And obviously pricing changes are not something that people do every quarter. It's like not such a. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:03]*: Okay, okay. Was there any deal that the sales team lost because you didn't have competitors say new positioning or feature release or objection that has it happened apart from OpenAI? OpenAI? I think it might have been due to other reason. Was it because of any of these three? 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[16:25]*: Yeah, I think it happened quite a lot and lot of the time we realize it pretty late. So I would love maybe an agent or something which would be able to identify through the conversation that this lead is also talking to competitors that right now lot of my senior AES are able to make out because of their experience. So they would ask questions like if this is your problem, have you tried out any other vendors? Then maybe some customers say that okay, we are also doing a POC with the coder pad or maybe hacker. But there are sometimes other signals also. Like when an AE is probing about what is your problem, then they talk about certain problems. Like I think the assessment space is pretty expensive so certain AES are able to make it up. Like how would they I. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[17:14]*: How would they know it is expensive in the market? Because either they have been talking to competitors or they have been in the market for quite some long. So I think if an agent is especially trained to read the transcript in such a way that could make out quickly that they are in a competitive position. Deal. Then the entire positioning changes. You are also talking to my competitor. Then I would pitch my product in such a way that you would see the differentiation clearly versus a general pitch is different, right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:47]*: Correct. Correct. Correct. Okay, but that has to be real time. Right. Once when the A is demoing, it will be on the fly. They'll get to know that and instantly the system should tell you that. Why don't you pitch it like this rather than the generic way. Right. Why don't you highlight the differentiating factors and why. Why customers have probably switched all the case studies that you got and got it so. Understood. We are already over time. Is it okay that we can talk a little bit? 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[18:16]*: Like couple of minutes? Four, five minutes would be okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:19]*: Okay. Okay. The. The weekly digest that you have created for yourself. What are the components of that? 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[18:32]*: I have looked at their recent blog publication, any PR announcement, any changes in pricing and also it looks at release notes and all of this combines into what is their voice in the market. We also want to anticipate if they are planning for a new product launch. Last year when hackerank was about to announce a new product called Skill up and we've been working on it for two years and I don't know why it happened, but just on the week of the release. We were supposed to release on Wednesday and they made announcement of the same product on Monday. Either it was an internal leakage or they figured out somehow that our release date is this week and they made an early announcement. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:26]*: Understood? Understood. Okay. That's something. Something that can be probably told to you, but that will be told only on Monday. Right. Apart from that, if they have any say leading signal like hiring someone from a particular company or your company. Right. In that case it becomes easy for you to. For us to probably give you intel around that. Right. So that you can be more prepared. But yeah, off the bat you probably will get to know on Monday. But that is. So you got to know about that on Monday or little late. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[20:04]*: I didn't get to know about it until they launched. So they launched when I saw their event, their entire webpage, which is what Most people inside HackerRank came to know. We are going to launch this product and they have already done a launch which was shocking for us. And obviously a younger company can afford to do this very quickly. So that could also be one of the stuff. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:28]*: So how do you measure whether competitive messaging is actually Working like is there any signals or success metrics that you probably look for or something? 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[20:41]*: Nothing that is quantitative. It is usually qualitative insights from AES or somebody from field saying that this is not working. This lead came looking for something else and we talked about how hiring is better. They didn't get interested or your position is not working. Only during sales calls we come to know about it. Nothing which is qualitative. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:06]*: Okay. So basically from feedback from the sales team is what helps you understand whether it's working or not. And Persona targeting like right now you said so how do you like see like probably keep a check. Sales team definitely will check and let you know. But do you also kind of have a lookout on? Probably they added another landing page. So they are probably targeting this Persona. They're running these ads. So probably they're targeting a certain Persona, certain geography like you said. Right. So do you also give a tabs on this? 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[21:40]*: Honestly no, because of lack of time. But I have seen in certain companies there is a person only for comp and Dell and I'm pretty sure they might be doing that. But for a product marketing team which is spread thin, we miss on these things. But this is certainly which is like important and interesting. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:03]*: Got it. And so I would just quickly like to show you like something that we are working on. Let me just quickly pull it up so that I can probably just give you a look and feel of how we are thinking about it. It's a PDF right now. And reviews, customer reviews, etc. Do you also kind of check user reviews on G2 Captera, etc. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[22:38]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:39]*: Okay. Okay. And so do you mix all these signals together like what sales team is saying, what users are saying about the product etc. And then do you have a central place where you can see everything? 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[22:54]*: Not until somebody's project is on this, but not regularly. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:01]*: Got it. Got it. So this is just a report that were trying the workflows on top of like say Lord etc. Right. So we have done this for. We're talking to High radius right now. So were just trying to create the signal that we can get publicly not going without going into inside the product because a lot of times the product also is like blocked by contact sales, etc. Right. So not always can you go and check. So this is how we are thinking about it like at least for the timing. Obviously this will change the form factor, etc everything. So it will try to compare like high Radius with say black line flow cast. Right. And this is basically the 90 day strategic drift that they have done. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[23:47]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:48]*: So although they maintain this. But yeah, basically Flowcast has launched three major integrations versus black lines one. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[23:58]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:59]*: IRAD has hired 12 product managers versus black lines four and messaging shifted from FPNA tool to Office of CFO platform and a plan open dedicated, financial close. Okay, so this is that then there is something that we are working on as a threat metric. Like can we tell what competitors are probably going to do right. And say for flow cost. It's a different domain obviously but like mid market they're trying to kind of expand mid market and upwards. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[24:33]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:34]*: So evidence is G2 reviews is 43% year on year easier than black. My Blackline, this is. This has been mentioned 127 times on G2. Right. They have hired six enterprise AE roles in January 26th they have launched this net suite and closed five day challenge marketing campaign targeting black lines weakness. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[24:54]*: Nice. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:55]*: So something like this similarly for say your high radius. So it's a combination of a lot of different data points that probably different teams track. Right. So your hiring team or your HR team, TA team will be looking at, okay, These are the positions that they are working on. Probably they want to expand here. Right. You will be looking at all the signals from the essay product and their launches and how they are messaging it, how they're positioning it. And then probably a finance thing will be looking more from a revenue perspective. Like what are we charging versus what are they charging? What are is our margin? Right. So all of these to an extent are today in siloed different. Different places, different departments. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[25:34]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:35]*: Hold intel. The customer success will know, okay, this customer does not like this. They and similarly the sales, right. So all of this is a little bit scattered today. So what we have tried is can we tell AI to kind of combine all of this and give you a consolidated proper like a better probably strategic insight. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[25:56]*: Yeah. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:57]*: So like high radius they are kind of suit bundling and adding AI. Why? Because three enterprise wins were announced, right? They acquired a startup, they hired 12 product managers and G2 review basically quoted this and they offered the full thing. This is what. And similarly so these are against each one of them. There, there is a 90 day strategic drift timeline like Blackline, they did a minor UI update. They're working with Workiva. Right. These, these launched Flowcast launched on Netsuite Iradius acquired this January. What did happen? Right? What happened for all of them? So this kind. Because a lot of times what happens is that even if we know the positioning and the everything, right. We don't remember exactly one year before. What, what was it at times. At times we try to kind of maintain it in a Excel or something. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:55]*: Like okay, this is the snapshot for probably the adwords that they are working on, the messaging on the Google Ads that is there we keep a track. But slowly and slowly it becomes difficult to go back in time. And holistically what is the change? That's where AI probably kind of can compute more, can look up reviews, etc. Right. And then there is hiring intelligence. How many jobs were posted, which vertical are they going into? Right. Customer sentiment analysis in the last 90 days, how many reviews came up? What is like the most important thing that people are talking about? Correct. And then we kind of try to give predictive intelligence. Like High Rads is launching like you said, right. AI recognition agent lab. Why? Because they have acquired this. They hired 8 MLM engineers. Messaging shift to autonomous finance. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:47]*: Patent filing has also been there. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[27:50]*: Right. This is nice. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:53]*: And yeah, so this is right now in a PDF format. We'll try to soon prioritize it. But yeah, we wanted to kind of see if we can generate something that is meaningful for anyone right before even starting the product. And then there is something like recommendations like what do we. What does the LLM probably think? Who we can give a Persona and ask it to run via all the frameworks that probably most of the consulting firms they do. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[28:20]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:22]*: So evaluate this and higher radius aggressively for mid market. Why is it because of these reasons? It's evidence back basically. Right. And risk alerts like black line innovation gap, these are upward and market expansion and suit consolidation pressure. So yeah, we have created something like this and there are multiple other things that we are working on. Right. This is like the competitive position tracking. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[29:00]*: If you want I can give you like one other hook for you which I think will make a lot of sense for somebody in product marketing or who is in the decision table. I recently did a PoC with the product called Up Limit. So yeah, you can check it out. So what it does is it is a internal sales enablement tool which helps product marketing team to run sales enablement for their internal GTM teams. Simple ideas. You just upload any document and even in the rough form document of about any product or any feature then create like shareable materials which you can share with your internal teams. Claude or GPT could do it. But what they did was which was very unique. I found they created three Personas and you can define what Persona it could be based on. Who is Your target audience. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[29:58]*: And it would automatically understand what could be their pain point based on the document. And then it would allow your sales team to practice pitch for them. So while you are showing this. And everyone in our team really liked that Persona conversation. But since it was like 10 or $12,000 just for this, we didn't go ahead with it. But it was really the hook. We were about to purchase it just for this. So since you are building this, I would highly encourage like after you share all of this, you create one Persona of for the main goal is to train an AE or somebody from sales when they are going in a competitive deal. Knowing that this person is talking to other competitors. How can you practice your pitch? 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[30:45]*: It could be like a simple speech to speech model where you know the pain points and you can just practice pitch for 10 minutes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:54]*: So. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[30:55]*: And the adoption would be also very good. This is something which I think field finds valuable. And when in my experience, when I have shared these battle cards, there has been low adoption. But usually this kind of interactive material where they can, you know, practice their pitch. They just before going on to a conversation. I think this would really help if you want to create something. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:18]*: So was the Persona like defining different Personas and messaging, curating the messaging according to them, Was that something that you liked or was it was this practicing part also in uplift? 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[31:32]*: In uplimit? Sorry. Yeah, we only like the practicing part, positioning and all. So what happens is in my experience, I have seen and even my manager is against it that when you go and preach something to sales, they literally say don't teach my job to me. Yeah, so we play very safe there. You want to just help them, give them tools to practice, but do not tell them how to talk about this. So even in the documents that we write, we give hints you can talk about this. This might be useful. But. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:13]*: No, they get defensive and like it's a whole big thing. When you make a change in like the positioning your the way you are kind of say approaching and it percolating down to all the different teams. Right. That's the main operations part which we have to ensure that. Okay, if we have discussed that this will be the pitch and for this Persona we need to talk about this. Are they doing it or not in reality on ground. So that is an important thing. Right. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[32:41]*: So report once you are done practicing. In the report, see that the positioning was supposed to be like this. But you since you positioned this, that is why your score is only 85. If you want to take it to 100 position. So that is okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:01]*: But in that case my. My Persona for the product will just be sales team. Probably we can think of this also. Definitely. Right. I get the point of. And understood. Is it possible for you just quickly show me like what kind of a research do you do on chat GPT. And I just want to see if we can probably help doing it better or we can try at least. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[33:27]*: Yeah. Aditya, I'm on my personal laptop. I'll have to bring laptop. Maybe I'll send some screenshots on LinkedIn. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:36]*: Sure, sure. That works. That works. And yeah, I have a lot of questions I think. But since it's almost time, I won't. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[33:44]*: Take to another call. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:46]*: Yeah, I don't want to keep you waiting a lot. Probably some other day. You are in Bangalore. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[33:51]*: No, no, I'm not in Bangalore right now. I am at my hometown. Hometown. Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:56]*: Okay, got it. So yeah, I'll probably just keep little bit pinging you. Right. And whenever you get the time, please try to answer me. And as soon as we have something, a report or a product. Right. We can probably share it with you. We can do this for hacker rank and if you can just see if it has any value then probably we can discuss further or you can give your feedback nonetheless. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[34:19]*: Right. Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:21]*: Tanvir, thank you so much for taking out time. It was really insightful the depth that you brought to the conversation and lovely talking to you. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[34:30]*: Thank you for having me. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:33]*: Yeah, yeah, for sure. So yeah, let's keep in touch. I'll keep pinging you. And yes, meet. Meet you also soon hopefully. 
**Tanvir Rajput** *[34:42]*: Right. Awesome. Thank you so much. Good day. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:44]*: Good luck. Thank you. Thank you so much. Have a good day. Byebye. 
