# Anmol Sarah Mathew and Aditya Raj Singh

**Meeting Date:** 25th Feb, 2026 - 6:00 PM

---

**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[00:00]*: In no worries, tell me. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:03]*: Perfect. Yeah, so let me just quickly introduce myself and post which I'll introduce the problem statement that we working on. So I'm A Singh, I graduated from it ro16 post which primarily I've been working in the field of AIML for the last 9 years. In my previous stint I was the chief operating officer at Super AGI where we managed to scale the business to close to $2 million and raise over $14 million. Prior to that I was working with Fractal and EXL as a consultant and serving clients like Google and Lending Club. So it was more around data science, data analytics, helping the business with that. Yeah, so that was more around like background. Right now we are working on a competitive intelligence platform. So as you know jobs are probably in a fix. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:57]*: We are not sure how many jobs will be created right now jobs are getting cut, right. So a lot of entrepreneurial activities are going up. New startups will definitely come up with the advent of AI and then again the coding, the life cycle of basically launching anything is going down because of Claude. So if we look at both the two vectors in that case the need for tracking competitors is increasing because disruption is probably around the corner every other time and nobody wants to kind of end up in a Google scenario where chat GPT came and cut across the ads revenue. Right. So what we have observed is that in teams in organizations, right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:43]*: So the competitor information or intelligence basically resides with different teams and there's no one common platform say for with talent acquisition they know about the roles that are there which are open by the competitors in different geographies. So they understand that marketing has an understanding into the messaging and the positioning, what battle cards are there and new websites we have pages that are getting basically added and the product team has to kind of keep track on any new feature that comes up and the product launches the marketing around it, right. And the sales CS have a dialogue with the customers on an ongoing basis. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:25]*: So yeah, we want to kind of collate all the different publicly available information and basically create a system of records on the competitors and help so on that layer of system like storm of records basically that's where the LLM sits and it tries to predict or give strategic inputs on the next steps or what might be the next probable steps of the competitor and how we can probably mitigate or not mitigate basis our decision making. Yeah, so this is more or less what we are trying to build, right. So we are trying to kind of collate reviews around all the different Platforms include social listening across LinkedIn, Reddit, quote Quora, etc and the web pages of the website. Try to analyze and see wherever, whenever new web pages are launched, whenever there's a product announcement. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:23]*: So not only alerting the company as soon as probably at a day's lag about what updates were there, collating it cross platform one single tool where different teams can kind of say discuss and align objectives there. Right. So where I require inputs from your side is if you can just help me understand probably how many competitors do you actively track and at what frequency and the process involved. Today. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[04:02]*: We track around 12 to 15 competitors as of today. The frequency of it is on a regular basis. The product marketing team is always on the top of it. Like I don't think they are ever like the frequency is ever like a weekly or a monthly basis. It's almost there are Zapier automations out there which basically gives us the information terms of where and what we are standing. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:27]*: Okay, okay. And what would be the number of computers that you. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[04:33]*: As I said 12 to 15. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:34]*: 12 to 15. Okay, okay. I think that broke. Got it. And so Zapier is basically. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[04:40]*: You try to automate it basically usually how everybody does their automations in terms of like use that Zapier and all the other rest of the different automation tools and yeah, keep a track of all the incoming and what sort of. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:58]*: Signals do you look at? 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[05:01]*: Any news update, any series funding, any new feature releases, any new product offerings, newsletter, market releases, LinkedIn, you know your basics. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:17]*: Got it. So do you consume it in a dashboard format or. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[05:21]*: No, no, no. That consumption is done solely by the product marketing team in different formats. Not, not like a very specific dashboard. But what ends up happening is there's a report that goes out to the CEO and he also keeps a track of all of that if there are any noticeable findings that needs to be called out. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:41]*: Got it. And from a product lens, do you also have a look at these reports? 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[05:46]*: Yes, we do that on a regular day and day out basis. Because it's a B2B SaaS platform, you don't get to see a lot of visual feature information. You only get it via product blogs or notes or let's say your. Yeah, just let's say your announcements and stuff. It's never. Or let's say word of mouth being one another one of the major things. Right. SaaS platforms don't project their information in terms of how it is working up there so easily. I think Locus is one of the most out there Projections that has been shown, but not mostly other platforms. Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:26]*: Okay. And so in terms of the product launch, right. And. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[06:38]*: Is it okay if you can give me a minute, please. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:39]*: Yeah, for sure. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[08:03]*: It's. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[08:28]*: Yeah. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[08:39]*: Hey. Yes, Sorry. Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[08:44]*: Am I audible? 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[08:45]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[08:46]*: Okay, perfect. So in terms of say product roadmap decision, right? Did you ever like had incomplete competitive information or any decision probably for the product roadmap where you felt, okay, probably if I had the competitive features listed out or something like that would. Has that situation arrived till date with the GPTs? 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[09:14]*: Are you talking pre GPT or post GPT? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:17]*: I think let's talk about post GPT. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[09:19]*: Now that it's all so a post GPT, it has become a little bit easier in terms of cumulating and consolidating that information. We do keep a track and roughly in terms of exactly how the product and features release it. If it's in a B2B environment, it's not that frequent in terms of new mega bonaza features ever being released, it's in a very timely fashion because a lot of times you release fixes or let's say enhancements on top of the already existing features instead of newer ones. And like a B2C environment, a B2C will give you a very different perspective for a B2B. Usually it is when there is a new highlight out there, it usually stands out because our clients are. Because our clients are not always married to one of us, right? They always lie to one or two of us. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[10:13]*: They might be using certain features of ours. They'll be using certain features the competitor, if the client is big enough, if it's small, then they probably will just be doing it. One why I'm coming into this is because. Because of which we always get this cognitive intelligence, usually via. Via the word of mouth more often than relying on, let's say news article specifically. So even before somebody's automation or somebody's account highlights that this is the product feature that is breaking, making a breakthrough on the market. You will get this information already out there in the through word of mouth and through CSMs and TAMs in our teams. So you get that information in place. So for roadmap schedules, competitive information in terms of where they stand is of course important, but that is not where we stop. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[11:01]*: Like that is something which we always get through various different sources. So it's not always like, hey, we are sitting for roadmap and that's when we start making up competent like we start fetching cognitive intelligence. We already are aware of all of it of how it is going and given the fact that Local is a very mature platform, it's not as if there's a lot of gap between what competitors have and what we have. The difference is the flagship product that we already have, which competition can't match and then of course the entire user experience and the customer base and the, that we hold for such a long time. So yeah, got it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:36]*: And so when preparing for a product launch or probably pricing and packaging decision, right. Any competitive data that you wish you had, we have it. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[11:48]*: We always have these pricing information. Pricing information in terms of competitor is something which sure will not be available to the entire organization out there. But the relevant people have this information in place. Like that's a handy information that we need to keep and keep checking on a day on, day out basis. So that's an important information and that's an information. How do they derive it? I am not very sure of it. Like maybe it's like a cold call, maybe it's like a cold, you know, personalized email that goes out. Just first person to like, you know, go through an entire product and then get to know the pricing and then that closes the data. Maybe that's how it works. Works. The B2B's don't release their pricing that easily. Again, pricing is a very sensitive matter. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[12:30]*: It differs from what sort of a client you are. If it's an enterprise account, it's a huge account and their volume of orders are very huge. That pricing will be very different from let's say a smaller account. So it's inversely proportional. So if the more the supply, the lesser the pricing. So it's a little different. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:48]*: Got it. And recently like did you need competitive say information urgently for a product decision? 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[12:56]*: Yes, yes. Not a product decision, but it was because were doing a due diligence before I acquired us for ikea. So I did that quickly through GPT itself. I was the one who was actually making the diligence report for ikea in terms of cooperative benchmarking and where we stand. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:11]*: Okay, understood. And so say you're any deal or any launch that has underperformed because of lack of such knowledge. Obviously you have. But is there a case that has happened why I'm coming to these questions. I just want to understand if there's still a gap in a big company. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[13:34]*: Like I understand why you're asking because you're building one. So you want to understand if there is a gap that we've actually faced per se. I can actually Check internally and let you know about that. I personally and product team personally has not faced that. And maybe that's because we. We are not the front runners in terms of cracking a particular deal. We're always the ones who are making sure that it gets adopted. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[13:55]*: The first five people who are going to use it like the first five clients who need to adopt is something which we work on but never in terms of the let's say converting the client into an RFQ to begin with or let's say because we're not in that stage where we have to convert a client to an rfu it's always usually a potential client and then we start, you know, converting them into a client, standard client. So because we are working in that particular fashion I do not have a very ready answer for you but I can actually check. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:27]*: That would be really helpful. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[14:28]*: You can send me the questions what sort of. I can circuit it to my pre sales team and then get you back. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:33]*: Okay, that would be really helpful. Yeah I'll just take give two or three questions that. Yeah, yeah. So as of today in spite of having all so any particular automatic alert for any computer activity that you would want. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[14:54]*: I'll be honest again for this section that I am in I think you'll do multiple other interviews as well. Different set of people. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:04]*: In your prior roles. Also if you have faced something you. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[15:07]*: Can oh prior rules I was in a B2C alignment like this is like the most important thing out there for B2C it's like it's a bread and butter like you'll always be looking at the competitor first before you do anything. Even for let's say a retail company who's facing is a business to consumer customer will be facing towards anybody would love that information to be always there on top of their code before they can do anything else. If I am at your. If I am looking at from your lens B2C would always be one of the target segments because they'll always do some manual work. They'll always want. There's a lot of effort that goes into gathering this sort of competitive intelligence and you will want to reduce that effort. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[15:47]*: It's not as if they can't do it or it's that information is not available or they. It's just the amount of effort that gets reduced. That's it. And for B2C the effort is magn increases in magnitudes because they need to do it on a regular basis like every time before they make a product decision they need to first check what the competitor is doing for B2B in per se. Our products are already mature and we know exactly what the roadmap is supposed to look like. Now the whole point is, will that thing actually get us money from the client pool that we have in potential client pool out there, B2C in general, at least from my entire knowledge, I trust me, like all the interviews I've also given for a B2C company, competitive information is the first thing that they go into. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[16:27]*: So that's like a different ball game altogether. It's like a different story altogether. And I only have two years of B2C experience and like literally four years of B2B experience. So I always say B2C is much more tougher. But B2B is complex in terms of scaling because you need to scale systems. So. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:45]*: Yeah, okay, no, true. Actually there are a lot of tools for computer intelligence in the B2C space. That's what we thought. Yeah. At least, like from a buyer perspective, there are. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[16:58]*: Oh, I've never, I've actually never seen that. Maybe there was for B2B space. If it's a little tough question because again, it will be the number of work. But the amount of times that I will revisit a competitive intelligence at a B2B space is very limited. Like if you see it will be probably during the AOP time, which is the annual operating plan which you make every year, that's the time and you'll keep revisiting it and then it stops again. When an AOP is getting developed, you visit. Okay, but for a B2C, you just like you're visiting it all the time. Like you just, you're just there, you just feed on it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:33]*: So but if that data, rather than getting it pulled, if it's pushed to. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[17:40]*: You, is it easy? Yeah, 100, why not? But then this becomes like a good to have then instead of a must have. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:47]*: So that will basically determine the willingness to pay for that thing also. So if it's three, obviously everybody would love to kind of have it. But if it's paid, then yeah, again, 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[17:59]*: The premium part starts in. Right. You have a premium or you have like get people hooked up and then start charging the different combination models that you can go into that for that. But yeah, for B2B it becomes a good to have. And also in terms of again, like you'll always be remembered during the AOP time period. Like, let's just get that information. Like it's always be more than the willingness to pay. It will Be like, when will you remember about that particular product? Or when will be the need for that particular product that will arise? It's always like maybe once in half year. And that is the point. Like is you could say that, hey, that's like maybe a shift in terms of a company to companies. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[18:36]*: Certainly companies might be looking at it in a much more regular fashion than Locus might be doing in a different fashion because our, maybe our structure of working is, let's say, different from the other companies, differ from the base space. But in this organization specifically, not saying that's not an important information. It should be a bread and butter for any company who's working out there. But how frequently do we use that information to make any of our decisions is I would say is much lesser. If you would have asked me this question four years back, I would have said it would. It was much more because we're still competing now given that IKEA has already acquired us. And in terms of where we stand in terms of the products and features that we want to deliver, we kind of have a roadmap built in. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[19:16]*: We know exactly because of a client base what we need to build to get the money in. So yeah, got it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:24]*: And as a product team, like do you also assist the GTM teams on probably helping them create like differentiating features on the battle card? 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[19:37]*: 100%. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:38]*: Okay. So for that you would be obviously. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[19:40]*: Kind of going, we have a standard information that is already there and the marketing team always like updates the Battle Card. Like okay, you really will just quickly go and check once like if there's anything different. If there's nothing, they'll just update it immediately and they like we just make a comparison out of it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:54]*: Understood. So Battle Cards is definitely one thing where right now manually marketing team is going and checking it and if they're, 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[20:01]*: I don't know if they're doing it manually or do they have this information Again, I do. As far as I know they do have it automated in their systems. So they do know information that's coming out regularly. And yes, to a certain extent that is automated, like that is. You're right. Some of it will be manual in terms of like, you know, reading through it, assessing it for yourself before you like actually put it out there. Maybe converting competitive intelligence into, let's say an action nibbles for a B2B might be another aspect that you could possibly look into or I don't know. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:34]*: Yeah, so that was the third layer after like system of record, the predictive intel and then Strategic recommendations is what were thinking that we are never aware of the internals of the company. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[20:45]*: Exactly. No. And B2B companies will never give you that. I mean, if you have ever. You go to a B2B company and even their website, they release very limited amount of information they get, release a very theoretical information or they will put in infographics which will not help you understand exactly what are they doing internally. So it becomes very difficult for you to like, you know, figure out like, okay, where do you actually stand? And that's something which even our automation lacks because unless and until the keywords don't strike, or let's say the blog or product engineering blogs or tech notes don't get released, we also don't come from. That's one of the reasons we rely more in terms of the word of mouth from our clients itself who are using that particular platform or have used it. And now shifting to Locus. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:28]*: Okay. Basically the data will flow via the CRRM or the CSMS. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[21:32]*: Yes, yes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:33]*: Okay. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[21:34]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:35]*: We are thinking There are already 2, 3 companies in this space. At least one company that I. It's funded also clue. So they basically sit on top of your CRM and then you have a chatbot which you can ask any question and it will go and refer and do that. Yeah. So understood. That is something that probably we might take up in the future. But yeah, right now we are just trying to collate the publicly informed like available information because that's something nobody is doing. And it's really difficult to kind of first get the data, validate it and then form insights. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[22:10]*: Validating those data is becoming very difficult because you can only like figure it out with LLMs to understand like this might be a potential offering out there, but you will never be sure unless they actually write it down. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:24]*: Yeah. So apart from say this right now you get the example of BattleCard. Any other places where you need to kind of work with the marketing teams on say GTM partners. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[22:33]*: I've seen only in GTM and at AOP times be very honest. And GTMs as well, sometimes we skip because again, as I said, like most of the times you will find that major products are good. Again, when we have to go towards releasing a particular product, you'll find locals having a lot of Locus bites out there, which will be like a customer information that we will share our entire product information about what we are doing and not like compare it like, hey, Farai is offering you only this much. We are offering you more than that. Like that's not something that we do. Because you see, in B2B you will always find the we only have five more minutes left. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[23:10]*: But in B2B you always find that companies out there do not want to compare themselves with their equivalence, but want to compare themselves with the higher ones. Unlike Swiggy. Swiggy will have no shame actually saying that Zomato is their competitor. Right? Or let's say, Whoosh. Will have no shame in saying that. Okay, you know what? Swiggy Zomatos are still a little bit high. Eat Fit is my competitor right now. But B2B's don't work like that. B2B's will be like, hey, for me it's SAP. That's like, obviously not the case. Probably it's your blue yonder, which is you still have to like, you know, figure it out. So things like that also differ, like competent. What's. What defines a Competitor for a B2B changes from the client that they are pitching to. So that also like changes entirely. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[23:50]*: So there's a lot that goes into in terms of how you position yourself in the market. Nobody wants to say that, hey, A and B is a company. They all want to say that, hey, that my product is an entirely different product. There's no one in the market for that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:01]*: Got it? No. Yeah, we have four minutes. I would like to just quickly show like what we have been up to and just see if this is something that probably adds value. So we started off from pricing audit. We were thinking of doing it only for PLC companies because generally if you compare prices right, it's done over Excel sheets, which is not updated. So were doing something like a cost calculator across. So for Linear Steam with JIRA and Asana. And then there are different tiers for these guys, the pricing is exposed. So we could compare tiers and see like, okay, in the freemium tier, what is the advantage of linear versus jira? Where is it lacking? And then reviews around the same. Right across different platforms around pricing only. And then something like add SSO2 plus tier. Why is it saying it? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:55]*: Because Jira offers SSO at 8 asana at 11 and 23% of negative sentiments. Reviews basically cited missing SSO as a reason of churn. So initially we started off like this. Then yeah, this is just a report that were playing along with seeing if the LLMs can do something that probably, yeah, it is difficult to kind of collate together. So if this is for high radius, we're already working on a POC with them. So if you see, right. Like Flowcast, one of their competitors, they are expanding like in the mid market section. Now why has it come to this conclusion? Because they've hired 6A roles right there G2 is saying that it's easier than Blackline. Then they have launched NetSuite integrations which is like upper mid market and enterprise and similarly for other competitors. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:53]*: So then we have a 90 day strategic drift timeline where whatever alerts basically come up along. Right. So for annaplan in the month of December they closed these many roles. They rebranded their planful FPNA to planful office of CEO. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[26:11]*: Sure. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:12]*: Right. And high radius acquired something. So this is more like a news feed across different topics that you get to know and then you have your hiring intelligence around what are the roles that are open in with geographies. Right. The customer sentiment across different. What to say, the different reviews platform and then again predictive intelligence around the same. So another variant that we had created for. So this was important I think, I'm not sure the top customer complaints highlighted by the competitor. So all these reviews negative are. Negative reviews are the ones where it makes more sense. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[26:51]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:51]*: So across the different competitors, how are they doing? And right now if I just show you. So this is what we are trying to do. So this is a feature intelligence report. So Anaplan versus the five competitors. So what we have done, we have fetched basically all the different features in the FPNA product that they have. Right. And mapped it across the different five different competitors. Where are they lacking, where are they not? So this is giving a full like and then there's a LLM which kind of tells us where are the feature gap analysis etc. And then there's a claims audit. This is more for the marketing team. Like if they have written 100% automated invoice delivery then yeah. What does one stream say about the same thing? So we'll add more cards across for competitors and then we have integration coverage. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:48]*: Like okay, where are the integrations for the different competitors? Right. Gives you the landscape here and then customer reviews on the website, the testimonials, the name customers that they have. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[28:01]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:02]*: This is something that probably interests the sales team. So and yeah, messaging basically black lines messaging. So what are their key messages and what are the pain points that they're targeting? Something like this is. And basically this news one one for each competitor and there is review intelligence like I showed you. Right. Across different platforms. This chart is not making sense, but yeah. And then threat assessment, etc. So do you think that. Okay. So does this. Something like this probably help you and your teammates again? 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[28:44]*: As I said, it's a. It's very good to have. It's good to have information. But what is the pricing for this entire thing? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:54]*: So. Right. We are still in discovery. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[28:57]*: I'm sorry. I will have to leave. Okay, sure. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:00]*: We can discuss it on some other day. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[29:05]*: Okay. All the best. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:06]*: Thank you so much. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[29:07]*: Thank you. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:07]*: Thank you. Take care. Have a good day. 
**Anmol Sarah Mathew** *[29:09]*: Have a good day. Thank you. 
