# Chanchal Gher  and Aditya Raj Singh

**Meeting Date:** 11th Feb, 2026 - 4:00 PM

---

**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:00]*: You're not audible. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[00:01]*: Actually yeah, I was on just. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:09]*: Hi, thank you so much for taking out time. Yeah. You're based out of Bangalore? 
**Chanchal Gher** *[00:18]*: Yeah, I'm based out of Bangalore. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:20]*: Awesome. Awesome. So yeah, quickly I'll just do my round of introduction and then I'll get to the problem statement. So I'm Ayatraj Singh. I graduated from IT Roorkee in 2016 post which primarily I've been working in the field of AIML for the last nine and a half years. In my last like stint I was the chief operating officer at Super AGI and it basically involves AI agents in the sales tech and the martech domain. Right. So we managed to scale the business to more than $2 million and raised close to $15 million in funding. And prior to that I was working with Fractal analytics and EX analytics, serving clients like Google Lending, Club USA around anything data science and data analytics. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:17]*: So yeah, currently I'm like working on a problem where I'm trying to kind of see how companies are kind of say aggregating and consuming competitive intelligence. Okay. So what I mean by that is today the intelligence around say competition or information around competitors is scattered across teams. So sales team will have some intel into why probably they chose some other product. Right. Customer success will have some comparisons with their old product which does not float unless the CRM is basically kind of properly tracked and notes are there. Right. For talent rights they know around hiring. So the CEO founders, few people, they know all the things. But across the world that visibility and that basically flow of competitive intelligence is not there. And then again we are always reactive. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:20]*: So always like some customer will come and tell us, okay, this customer, this competitor is say having this feature which you don't have. So in so not only that around product launches, announcements, posts on social media, etc. Right. So all these things, what we are trying to do is kind of say create a platform where you can see the drift of positioning of say product features. Right. Of the pricing tiers if exposed. So user reviews, partnership landscape or basically partners of that particular competitor. And yeah, a few more things around this will all form the system of records. And on top of this is where the say AI or the LLM sets and consumes all these data points across platforms and then gives you strategic intelligent to what the competitor might be up to. Right. Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:24]*: And basically strategic recommendations for us around what we should be doing probably next to kind of bridge the gaps. Right. So yeah, this is more or less the product and would love your thoughts on like how do you right now kind of say try keep track of competitors. What is the process and frequency if you can share? 
**Chanchal Gher** *[03:48]*: Yeah, ideally. Depends. Depends on a lot of things. So usually I think there are teams. So depending upon the organization sizing structure. So if you have, if you work in at least mid sized companies, there are teams who work very specifically on competitive analytics. Again the job is very specific to that part of the world where they do competitive, where they daily do kind of competitive analysis, knowledge gathering, learning, partnerships. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:23]*: Just a quick question. So right now like say Atlan has a competitive intelligence team or someone who's looking out at the competitors. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[04:31]*: Yep. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:32]*: Okay. And in your previous companies also was there a similar role which used to kind of keep track of what I'm saying? 
**Chanchal Gher** *[04:38]*: Enterprises definitely have this. Even mid sized companies have it. Only the startups where there's a small team, it's not the case. 100 people, it's not the case. But as soon as someone expands there is always an competitive intelligence team or not a team, at least a guy or two who works on that site for a company up to 500, 600 folks or up to 1,000. I think it usually sits in the marketing but depending upon company to company, how the strategic org is all strategy of the org is defined whosoever leads that. So that's where I have seen people working in that side of the world. Their name and sorry the title might be different Industry lead industry strategy lead industry, so on and so forth and then if there are specific marketing PMM teams who does it. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[05:34]*: So depending upon companies and structure how they want to do it. So this is what I've seen across three, four companies I know of and I've seen talking to other folks how they do it and what their counterparts do. That's usually the case. It was, yeah, that's usually the starting point or tip for anybody. If I'm new to the company I'll look for somebody who has done this competitive intelligence part. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:02]*: Okay. And then you'll try to kind of try and understand what all knowledge they have basically. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[06:09]*: Usually again for if you talk about startups, I think they already have some sort of again agentic team on top of it now. So usually have an agent sitting on top of all this knowledge they have gathered. And I think that's not even the whole big billion plus startups that I'm aware of having agents on top of all such information. So usually you have an bot chain interface, a business app, something of that sort. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:40]*: But what are these say information that probably the teams are gathering. If you can just share that. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[06:49]*: Okay. So it also again depends a lot, right. So if I'm a product person I'll be very specific on the features, right. So what are the competitors in my domain or my areas of work, what sort of features they have? Drill down to the net level and figure out, you know, what's the difference, what's usp, what makes us better, what makes them better. So a product point of view, we usually go on feature and journeys and UX part of it from strategic point of view I think it's more on the direction and the vision of the companies. So they usually work on different side of the thing, right? They usually work on strategic side of things. How the company as a whole is moving and you know what your competitors are moving. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[07:32]*: They might be very overlapping on terms of product and feature disintegrations, pricing integrations, marketing integrations, how does that actually work? So depending upon what area of the business that you look into, that's how sales feedback, customer feedbacks and all work. So usually if I'm looking, I look very specifically for the product feedback, right. I don't usually look out for the marketing feedback and marketing. So that's how I have seen, I've been working so. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[08:05]*: And you get these feedbacks directly say over a cadence in a format or basically whenever you're discussing in meetings. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[08:13]*: No, that is usually a documents sort of people have. So almost all companies, so to start with, almost all companies have battle cards, right. So that's provided with an high level of thousand point view of how the competitors in your area work versus how do you work. So that is everything with sort your any, any sort of marketing terms you want to see. So usually that gives you a 100ft view or a thousand feet view to understand the difference. Then there are specific teams that you go and you know, play around with so you'll understand the basic differences. Basic usps, basic strengths, basic weaknesses as terms to what do you have versus what your competitors have? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[08:59]*: Got it. And what will be the frequency of looking at competitors right now for you say who would be some of the competitors. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[09:11]*: Frequencies I think again it all depends on usually it depends with the customers, right? Basically two ways with product. It's not every day I look at a competitor where I know the feature I have been developing or I've been working on versus where and what stage the competitor is. So that will be more on the when I do the product discovery or product research. But from a company's point of View it usually keeps on getting updated as soon as you are in a sales cycle for any new customer or an or as an RFP discussion starts. Right. So that's always the case. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:55]*: Okay. Okay. So it's basically triggered. Whenever it's triggered you need to kind of go. It's not something that you do every day, right? 
**Chanchal Gher** *[10:04]*: Yeah, because usually people do it and keep it right. You do a quarterly analysis or you do bi monthly analysis. Monthly analysis is a maximum. Nobody goes into competitive analysis every day. So push it out is more on. And again there are conferences happens right now. So that's again a competitive intelligence gathering team. I would say people and now different teams are there. So you also have a partnership team contributing to it. You have a marketing team contributing to it. Strategy can be the one place who is central or co joint to everything but different teams contribute to it. So as a product guy, I contributed on a different part of the strategy or a competitive intelligence marketing or partnership guy would you know, do it from a different perspective. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[10:51]*: So there's multiple Personas who comes into play and then there's always the use cases, there is always pricing, there is always sales feedbacks which comes or you know, break down into those competitive intelligences. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:07]*: Okay, got it. Do you also keep a track of say your competitors, product launches, etc. Their LinkedIn? 
**Chanchal Gher** *[11:16]*: Usually every company has some sort of intelligence sitting on what their competitors are launching. So they can scrap it very easily. There is no LinkedIn. They need to go and look at LinkedIn. You know, there are launches, change logs, document updates. Everybody can do that scrapping. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:36]*: Okay, okay. And like I'm not sure if the pricing is exposed for Atlan. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[11:45]*: By the way, I'm not part of ATLANT now. So again these are not very related to atlan. This is generic things that I know people are doing across the folks I have in products and sales. So. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:57]*: Got it, got it. Okay. And would it be helpful if you say get alerted every time they change important say activities that you would like to track. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[12:12]*: Means people usually have some sort of, you know, scrapping working on your competitors. So everybody because it's very easier to track in nowadays. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:21]*: Right. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[12:22]*: What you don't get is you don't get a direct in a B2B environment. You direct get a competitors involvement to play with because again the sales won't give you give it to you. But still people can do it and everybody can do it in the industry. You can have databricks can have whatever Snowflake is doing. Snowflake can have whatever databricks is doing. You can have multiple ways to get anything. So. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:47]*: Got it. So do you feel any place here where say AI can step in and automate a few things? 
**Chanchal Gher** *[12:56]*: Definitely. Yep. Means again depending upon the maturity of the adoption in the AI adoption in the company usually it would be docs, excels, feedbacks, unstructured calls, gong calls and everything. So if your company is not up to that AI CV or Agent, CV or Autonomy, Auto Mission CV A Automation, not RPG automations and all rpsm. So you won't get the intelligence out of it. But if somebody is good in journey, they already have some sort of, you know, agent sitting on top of these applications to get the intelligence. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:37]*: Okay. Okay. So in like all of your companies you have seen this is it. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[13:41]*: Yeah, that's common in product companies. So. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:47]*: Because we also used to track it but we didn't have agents set up to kind of look at every move so to say. Right. And battle cards. Okay. We used to use AI in kind of creating all those things trying to get it updated. But then again it does not always flow to everyone on the floor. Not everybody is aware of the changes. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[14:09]*: It all depends. It would be sitting somewhere in the document. It all depends on who the consumer are. So there is definitely a team. If you think. But is everyone interacting with it? I would say yes to this. It all depends. If you are in a customer success, you usually don't interact. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:27]*: Right. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[14:28]*: But if you're in product, definitely it's your job to figure out things before you propose anything. Right. If you're in marketing. Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:36]*: What would be the designation of such like roles? If you can just share that. I would like to talk to them also. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[14:42]*: Probably somebody who creates intelligence. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:47]*: Okay. Any specific designation you remember? 
**Chanchal Gher** *[14:52]*: So anybody in product marketing starts means. That's what I was saying. It all depends on the, you know, company. They don't have a very specific title as such. If you're a PMM guy, there can be definitely some sort of intelligence that you gather and they are the one who interact with product and create the whole Personas. And then there is a sales, not sales, usually pre sales sort of a guy who does solutioning engineering comes into play and they help to update this out. Sales usually is not the case. Means AES and all, they definitely happen but they don't interact. So and customer success always customer success plays a very intuitive ways of getting things because they are the ones who talk mostly to the customers. So. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:46]*: Got it. Got it. Any other insight or something relevant. Any feedback that you would like to kind of give. This is what I've discussed. Yeah. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[15:58]*: Means even I think product can be the person I would say to start with because usually product is the one who starts with competitive. Because if you do not have a very rigid structures, defined structures, it's a product who starts with this competitive intelligence or competitive framework. Frameworks. Framework framing upon opportunities and everything. And then other teams comes and places a collaborator. So that's what I was saying. Either it's a product as an initiator or product as a consumer. And then depending upon size and structure either you can have an industry strategy lead. So strategy leads kind of a folks who does all these things. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:42]*: Got it. And are there any say surprises that you wish? Probably if AI agent would have been there, it would have been avoided. Or any kind of say something that you in your experience like something that came up after probably a month, two months. Right. And something that would have probably been told you the day it happened. It would have been much better. Around competitors obviously. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[17:16]*: Yeah. Just thinking I want some examples which I can directly relate to because B2B you know, and I worked all my life in B2B so things does not usually change. You know, very frequently there is. There is at least a quarter to bring some phenomenal change. There's nothing like, you know, something is launched in Swiggy today, so has a 10 week. Nothing like that. So that's what I was thinking because usually the pace might because no, yeah, I don't think. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:56]*: Okay, that has happened. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[17:59]*: Yeah. Because people have done things in years difference. So something we launched and people launched it after a year and a half back. So again it all depends on your marketing also how do you want to play that out? So that's what I have seen. But I won't say that's a positive or negative because it all depends on. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:19]*: Got it. I think the shipping speed. Right. That is definitely going to increase in any case. Right? 
**Chanchal Gher** *[18:25]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:26]*: So with cloud code etc, what was being done in probably say six months it will be timed down to probably a month or so. Right. And if you have used. If you use cloud code I think it fully tells you like okay, let's do this then do this. The whole architecture, planning, etc is totally done by it. And yeah, so speed of basically coding will increase and hence probably this need might increase because say chat GPT. Google was not aware of chat GPT otherwise it would have built something. Right. But it took it by surprise. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:06]*: And Google does not obviously kind of look at other companies, smaller companies, like what they are doing because there's according to like the say the purest product manager philosophy, you have to focus on the customer, see their what to say, talk to them, understand their journey, pain points, find solutions for them and see if they're willing to pay for it. Right now with such a case happening on the highest level, basically right, Google Ads main, the main revenue source for Google that gets into a mix. So yeah, probably this might be something that is required on a real time basis going forward. Right. Because if somebody creates a buzz that yeah, I have launched something revolutionary, at least say a feature or a product, right. Which was not there, it should be known immediately. Otherwise like dual lingo fell in two, three days. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:06]*: The valuation just fell in two, three days after tragic relaunch. Right, so multiple such cases have happened recently. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[20:15]*: Yep. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:15]*: Right. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[20:16]*: Yeah. Because multiple again B2B again very specific to the products. Right. You can build a lot of things but I haven't seen that much of an changes frankly speaking. So I know the ecosystem that I am working with definitely agents are building up the valuations and if you stalk AI, there's a lot of things that you can do. But it's a very, you know, the sales cycle is still, I wouldn't say it's like weeks or days still. The sales cycles are bigger where you have. It's not, it's not like you know, you see an new change today and you go and buy tomorrow. It takes three months to start with and then it takes years in case of multiple multi million ARR deals to complete. So it takes a bigger cycle. So that's what I was thinking. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[21:11]*: I was very specific to B2B use cases. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:16]*: So. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[21:18]*: It takes time and that's what I was saying it, I was saying right, so your customers, the thing that we've launched was not being very, you know, intuitive for them or to be very revolutionary for them, but they see as a market fit now everybody is having it then we should have the plus one feature. So so a everybody is having that plus one feature but still the mode changes on you know, the context that you control or the data that you control. So it's coming from different side of the world. So whosoever is doing it is in great shape. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:53]*: Got it. And very also involved in say growth part like say for the features or say things that you have developed like around marketing. Did you have to kind of interact with them, see the positioning, etc. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[22:09]*: No, because I think my job was usually TPM in the last role but before that definitely yes in the previous role. So growth for us is very specific on again it all depends but was very specific on the way we developed the notion for the product that we had. So something new that we launched on virtualization side and then how do we think industry is using? So basically there was a problem statement and the solutions that we proposed was bit different than the use cases that used to exist or we used to exist or cannibalize on the thing that we already had. So definitely yes, but not in the current role. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:49]*: Got it. Okay. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[22:53]*: Previous role by the way. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:55]*: Yeah. And just if there's just one thing that you have to track for a competitor right. With AI agents, even if you can do it by yourself, what would that be? 
**Chanchal Gher** *[23:08]*: I'll say. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:09]*: Yeah. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[23:09]*: Again the change logs. Right. So basically the definitions of the features and you know how it is different from what we have and the impact on what we have or what we don't have. Definitely that delta is important. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:23]*: Right. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[23:24]*: It's something that we have to consider every time we build something or propose something or get funded for something. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:31]*: Understood. I would like to just quickly take two minutes and show I think a report that we have tried to kind of circulate with the help of AI. Right. And in like your previous experiences what the products that you made they were the pricing was exposed or was it like under the contact sales? 
**Chanchal Gher** *[23:52]*: Both I guess so again that's what I was saying. So B2B usually there's no pricing exposed but you have B2C or B2C so one product that I worked was where it was directly a user or a developer can go ahead and buy. It's few dollars, it means double digit dollars so you can buy but when you need to have a team license there is definitely a sales comes into play. But when you Talk about full B2B products the pricing are usually behind sales team or somebody a human facing agent I would say. Understood. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:28]*: So let me just quickly show you. So for pricing, wherever it's exposed so say for linear versus zero versus Hana from the point of view of linear. Okay. So you can just go and check like what are the number of users. So this is the initial idea that we had. We were thinking around pricing because we didn't see anything in the market which helps companies price their product but which is a very important thing. Right. So this comparison then basically price normalized tiers is basically three to three comparison, eight to eleven dollar plans. Right. So how is say for free tier how are you pairing with Jira Free Asana Personal. Right. So these are the things where you have an advantage, this is where you have a restriction. So that is basically also summarized here. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:24]*: Then you have the user sentiment across G2 CAPTERA, product 100 etc. So did you use all these platforms for checking on competitors? 
**Chanchal Gher** *[25:34]*: Usually no, because again most of these are funded. So again feedbacks are very funded. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:40]*: Okay, but negative feedbacks are more or less correct. I get it. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[25:44]*: Not. But positives and all are very. By the way. So this pricing is for whom? I'm the user who wants to buy or compare this product? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:54]*: No, the. The person who is basically framing the pricing. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[26:00]*: So usually they have pricing. By the way it is, I think usually people have the pricing of all the competitors or the competitors. So once again I'm not the correct pricing guy. But usually people know the pricing of all the competitors in their space. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:17]*: But, but there is, there are a lot of tears. Right. Do you think that humanly it's possible to remember everything and all the features. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[26:24]*: Usually have this data. So means wherever I worked, so I've seen this people have this data for sure. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:30]*: For sure. But there are two things why we think probably because whenever there's a change we don't get to know. Right. Like you're saying quarterly snapshots so you'll take a end of the quarter check. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[26:44]*: Exactly. It won't be in a point in time, but it would be some references referencing point. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:50]*: And then again the tiers have a lot of features say for if you are going for a domain etc. Hostinger versus Bluehost. Right. In that case there are so many different parameters inside that pricing tier. Right. So comparing two, three becomes. And remembering all of that across say five competitors might be tough is what we are thinking. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[27:13]*: So usually it's like again talking from an enterprise point of view. So usually people divide it into multiple segments and deals and according to the segment they have. You know, if there is a mid market, what would be the price? If there is an enterprise, what would be the pricing? If there is an SME, what would be the pricing? So that's how it's played around again point in time, never. But referential point. Definitely. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:38]*: Yeah. And then something like. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[27:41]*: Yeah, they get the idea. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:46]*: And there's something like a strategic recommendation like say add SSO tier on this plus tier. And why? Because Zeera offers this at 7.7 Asana at $11 and this evidence around sentiment is that 23% of negative reviews cited missing SSO as a reason for churn. Right. So these kind of recommendations, this was more specific to pricing which were initially conceptualizing. Now we have kind of say created a larger theme. So when I say this is written positioning drift, but this is drift in general. Like what are the real time activities that they're doing more or less. And so they did a UI update announced basically. Right. The partnership with Workiva acquired close IQ autonomous finance messaging change around each of the competitor basically and then pricing Intel. Yeah. This is something similar to that bigger report then across. Yeah. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[28:48]*: So if people do not show pricing how you're getting the pricing intel in. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:53]*: That case this won't be a component that will make life for them. Okay. Or actually we can. So we have found threads on Reddit where people have been discussing different but depends whether we are able to find that or not. Then hiring signals, right. Which roles are open, where they have staff. What is the proportion of say teams across this geography. Right. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[29:19]*: This will be more of an VC play rather than company play. Yeah. So this intelligence is more for somebody who wants to you know, invest in startup in that area. Because again my. My humble opinion. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:41]*: Okay. No, no for sure. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[29:43]*: If I'm in product guy or if I'm in marketing or someone usually something like hiring, I don't care. Something like, you know, I can care when I trying to join a company, but not after. After I joined the company. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:57]*: So that's what. So the Persona can probably evolve into someone who is managing everything also. Right. So if I talk about say High Radius. Right. So High Radius is going to launch an AI reconciliation agent. Why? Because they acquired a startup, they hired 8ml engineers which sits with a TA team. This sits with probably this might be general knowledge. And then this messaging shift to autonomous finance. Right. Patent filing has also been done. So all these combined basically give you this insight. Obviously the TA team will have a understanding of this marketing team will have a look at this. Right. But the consolidated intelligence on top of these is basically they are doing something like that. Right. So hiring definitely you are not probably right now concerned with that. But if you look at in totality it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:58]*: It also was a part of the puzzle basically to solve this. Right. So that is the approach that we are taking. Let's see if VCs like it, then probably we can change it for VCS also. Right. And. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[31:14]*: This is what people look and somebody want to invest in a particular industry. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:21]*: So they can use this module and then predictive intel and strategy will be given only to the Companies with kind of sign up. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[31:30]*: Yes, definitely. I think you can I'll say talk to somebody again who is. Who's in this industry working as more on the strategic side. But again, I'm not sure how much they look at competitors everyone. But yeah, that can be the, you know, starting point. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:49]*: No, got it. Thank you so much. Any feedback on that though? Apart from this like the TG and Persona? 
**Chanchal Gher** *[31:57]*: I think it's good to definitely means again I'll either to check it to give feedbacks. But yeah, that's a good startup because usually it sits somewhere in the dock and only people who care can. Can go and look into it. But somebody on top of it and provide, you know, direct access to where you are or direct intelligent info to where you are would make more. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:22]*: So basically it will act like as a news channel also, right? 
**Chanchal Gher** *[32:26]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:27]*: There will be a component for news and there's say five competitors we are tracking. So it will give you LinkedIn updates. If this. Some person has posted this person has done this, then review if you have received on G2. Right. So it will pop up if they have received something really good. So it will kind be of a continuous feed which you can go and see. So probably. Let's see. Hopefully people should be involved and once a day they should be kind of just seeing around. Okay. What the other person is up to. Right. Okay. Okay. Chinil, thank you so much for taking out time. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[33:03]*: Thank you. No problem. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:05]*: It was great talking to you and just in case if something is required, I'll just ping you probably answer it in your free time. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[33:12]*: Definitely. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:14]*: Thank you so much again. Take care. Have a good day. Bye bye. 
**Chanchal Gher** *[33:17]*: Have a good day too. 
