# Coffee Chat

**Meeting Date:** 19th Feb, 2026 - 6:30 PM

---

**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:00]*: Man, I'm doing well. How are you? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[00:04]*: Good. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:12]*: So I had to leave my previous role and yeah and be fair startup I'm thinking of kind of say founding so we just. We have basically started building the prototype etc and which is shuruiki. I'll just probably at the end probably show you what we have tried to create. But yeah so basically it's quickly introduced. I'm from Roorkee 20112016 batch and after college I primarily like worked at fractal analytics for close to four years. Google and USA they were like my major clients across those four and a half years Post that exl May I stayed for a year and there I was working with lending club and so all these engagements are totally like data science, data analytics. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:17]*: And then I joined Contlo initially as head of analytics and after year I got promoted to chief operating officer and stayed there for close to 4 years. We scaled the business from 0 when I joined it was more or less like 5k ARR and from there we scaled it to 2 million and raised close to $14 million till late and yeah unfortunately I had to leave around November last year because slip discogia so I could not carry and it was becoming. It's been happening, it's there for close to a year now. Hence I decided I need to focus on the health and one of my like schoolmates he also was thinking of starting out basically company so we thought we'll start it together. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:18]*: And that's where like I am trying to kind of understand from a lot of different Personas on how people like track their competitors. And so thesis is basically right now if I tell so jobs are going to go down right. So entrepreneurship will explode and startups will explode in the coming days. At the same time coding speed has gone like up the charts and plot code kebab like the development speed has to increase and there will be product launches, marketing around it, the what to say education of the customer around it has to be done very fast. And like. What will finally happen is that we there will be a lot of competition and competition could track important because otherwise we'll end up with a case where Google never thought that ChatGPT will cut its ads revenue right Google Ads revenue. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:23]*: So that kind of situation to avoid that and generally to be competitive because everything is getting disrupted. So people need to kind of see what their competitors are up to and so just not. So what we're trying to create is a system of records for what the competitors have done across timelines say 2025 starting May just a simple example, what was their messaging versus like mid of 2025 then 2026 if there's a change we can see that drift of the positioning, the messaging, the jargons that are used. And this is only right now what I'm talking about is only marketing. So if we. I was just thinking about it initially and what happens today is that competitive information intelligence within teams is distributed so the talent acquisition team will know about the hiring. Like okay, these competitors are hiring probably in this geography. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:21]*: That's where they are going to expand. In this geography they are probably hiring AIML engineers from a particular say specialization to probably build something. So these are something that the TA team will know. There are things or there are information which is only present with the sales and the customer success team which resides at times in CRMs. And for small companies that is also not the case and just say marketing and they have to always keep track of the competitors, their messaging, the web pages that they are launching, the product launches have to be tracked by the product team and the feature gap analysis. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:04]*: If pricing is exposed then like tiers may what is the feature getting if there's a shift from like one tier to another or the same number of emails have decreased in this particular tier for the same amount, same dollar value. So all those changes is something that becomes a little difficult for companies to track. So initially were thinking just we will be targeting B2B PLG SaaS companies only on pricing comparison. And this is basically from a builder Persona rather than the buyer Persona. So we are not giving buyers a place to compare. So there are a lot of comparison apps where you can check okay like in the same product what is it costing on an Amazon versus say Flipkart. But what we wanted to build is something which the pricing teams can use to gauge the pricing. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:05]*: So whenever the pricing exposed that's where we started off from. But then we saw that a lot of companies as companies generally have a contact sales or they only have a contact sales or talk to sales page. So hence we kind of like sort of increasing the scope of the whole thing now. Hence I'm kind of say right now talking to PMMs, PMs salespeople and talent acquisition at times also. So just to kind of understand how do they track the competitors and like we'll go after one of the Personas and the buyer Persona will be more or less the founder CEO the C suite level. So yeah that's more or less about what we are trying to build and achieve. Does this make sense. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[07:09]*: What is it that you will be able to capture which is I cannot get from a ChatGPT prompt. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[07:16]*: Okay, so Chat GPT will give you point in time and at times invalidate data it might hallucinate. So we are creating that whole structure where we'll be fetching data from multiple so it will all be publicly available information for sure. Right. Website there will be like we'll be scraping all the G2 and basically the captera your these all will be for the reviews etc. Right. Then there will be the whole Reddit, the social media listening part basically where we kind of keep tabs on the executives of a particular firm and if they're moving on to another one that can be a sales intel etc. So how it is different to a chat GPT is that there has to be a layer built in between to keep the data very correct and accurate and at the same time different points of time. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[08:12]*: So that is something that is not available. So if you run the prompt, it will take the prompt, sorry, it will try to fetch the answers today and give it to you. But what we are trying to do is we are trying to, we are basically from unstructured data, we are creating structured tables, we are feeding that to the LLMs. So that's how it will behave. So we are thinking of system of record and then on top of that there will be a predictive intelligence layer where the LLM sets and kind of analyzes all these different data points from these different sources and gives us predictive intel into what the competence might be up to at this. And the third level will be basically strategic recommendations into what possibly we can do about this. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[08:59]*: See what, let's say every large SAS. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:04]*: Company. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[09:07]*: Have a competitor research team. Features parity, right? Today let's say element of feature parity, feature versions. Then every organization keeping historical track data of their competitors is always there, right? Local repository. The question is okay, you fetched, you scraped the data. Value addition. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:54]*: So I can. So I'll just kind of try to give you a example. One of the insights that we found it's for were talking to High Radius right now so we're trying to kind of build a POC for them. And so what were, what we saw, one of the insights that the LLM basically multi agent system could generate out of different data points is that High Radius will be launching a AI recon platform. Okay, and how did it come to this conclusion is because it analyzed it gave us four evidences. It gave that, okay, High Radius has patent now In AI recon something. So that is something that the legal team at times would know, not everybody or the technical basically product teams might know. They filed for a patent and then they had hired eight ML engineers in the last quarter. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:46]*: Okay, india or some location then. So this is something that TA team will know. Then they have. We had basically a startup, the name I'm not remembering. So this might be public knowledge that a lot of people might know about. And then the messaging from last year to this year they have changed to autonomous finance. So these different data points from different sources basically is something that AI is able to understand and look at better and create hypothesis which it can validate, invalidate. So it won't obviously be like 100% but we'll have some confidence interval in which and basically it will be backed by whatever evidence it is getting say Reddit pay. Someone said that okay, this thing is missing in the software and then it finds such instances in the reviews also. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:43]*: So it will try to create hypothesis on these different things that it is getting and it'll try to validate but with that whole database of knowledge that it has. So which might be little difficult. And it will be real time tracking say agar be what to say holy car. That campaigns are running, right? And a competitor launches a campaign on us. In that case it will. What we are, what we are also thinking is that we'll kind of say create an email agent which keeps a tab on the computer campaigns. That will be challenging. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:16]*: But that is one of the things apart from that also if they offer any discount or something to the end customers, so the team should know within like a day, if not real time every one day we should be able to give their intel that okay, they have launched this campaign. Whereas today what would happen is the customer would come after a week or some customer or new prospect would come after a week and tell the sales team or the CS team that okay, they are offering this new like say six months off or whatever. So all these things are not real time. They are basically the information is delayed today. So we are trying to kind of also bridge that time delay to at least not more than a day. Right. If they're doing something publicly, if they're launching something publicly. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:06]*: So I was talking to a product manager at HackerRank. So what happened with them is that they were supposed to launch a feature on Sunday, but they pushed it to Wednesday because something. And in that same time on Monday the computer launched their feature. So they were and they were not very aware at that Time and that they are also going to launch. But they had some bits and pieces of information on the web basically where they were pointing to or alluding to the fact that they'll be doing it somewhere down the line. So had they known that they would have done it faster. So simple things like that. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[13:48]*: So what ways that I can add value. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:55]*: So I wanted to understand how often like in your experience what was, how often would you track the competitors first, right. Frequency probably. And what was the process? So like you said, we used to always like companies do maintain our database of like what computer are doing. So what would that be? If you can just give me a little bit color into that. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[14:23]*: Everything which is there in public domain. See, in the world of business, what is more important is who is your customer, which of your customers are unhappy from you? Right. I can't hear you. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:40]*: Yeah, you're audible. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[14:45]*: Your screen is frozen. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:47]*: So okay, yeah, it might be an internal issue, but yeah, I'm able to hear. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[14:57]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:57]*: Okay. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[15:00]*: So generic, which is available in public domain key which is on how somebody is pricing themselves, what sort of feature product offering that they're giving. These are very common basic nuance everybody would follow to understand and get the trend of the market. I think everybody does that. That is what everybody will tell you. Larger organizations will have set of analysts. Technically they would be analysts who would not be doing competition analysis. But they are analysts but on task basis on the free bandwidth. They would do competition analysis of what people are doing. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:42]*: What are they expected to do, feature. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[15:45]*: Offerings, blah, blah. And that will let's say one, it is not generally a very continual exercise as well. Because let's say the example that you give, they were about to launch a feature. We are talking about let's say large feature release, a small feature release. Right. Nobody keeps a track of small feature releases because they don't make a huge impact on revenue or customer acquisition. These are large feature releases of the impact feature, which is important. Right. So it's about. But large features a competitor has launched and the pulse of it comes very quickly the moment competitor launches it. You see, it's the. When somebody is a competitor, to me it basically means they are going to sell it to the same customer to whom I'm selling. Right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:52]*: Yeah. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[16:53]*: And if your sales team is active, you would know it immediately that something has come from the customer or competitor. It would not take much of a time. So a lot of inputs on how competition is moving what they are doing to acquire customers comes from a sales team perspective. There's always a ready knowledge that comes from sales which then flows to generally. If let's say they're larger organization, they will have a strategy team. If they're not larger organization, if it's a smaller organization, then they will have a CEO's office or they will have a chief of staff who will be doing this activity day in, day out. But it depends at the stage. If it's a. If it's a evolved stage company, they would want to track it on weekly basis. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[17:53]*: If it's early stage, they would want to track it on monthly basis. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:57]*: Right? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[18:07]*: Does that answer your question? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:09]*: Yeah, to an extent. Yes. So okay, frequency question is definitely kind of say answered from that. Right? So at Lead Squared. So analyst that you would have on the team, how often would you have these reviews? More or less weekly. In that case, 
**Siddharth Jain** *[18:32]*: The space period, just CRM SaaS or sales service SaaS. Right. Technically, what would you do that could impact a sales CRM? Right? Because at enterprise level, when you are gaining the business. Right. Dynamic form. Because sales cycle, you understand the sales cycle in Enterprise market is 6 months, 9 months. Or by the time they will close it, the consulator, all the people on the table, they know everything. Because sales cycle, right? So there is for us there was answering a question. There was no need to track it daily or weekly. You test the market, let's say maybe once a month, you get to know what is happening. But there's a point that I shared with you that there's a direct daily feed that comes from sales team. See, there has to be some event. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[19:55]*: There has to be some event for which you have to dig deep to what is happening. Otherwise every large organization has their own product roadmap. Product roadmap. This is how the features would be. This is how rollout would be, right? If suddenly a tectonic event pulse comes from a sales tv, we see some such a demo from a competitor is when things are activated. Okay. What is the impact of such a offering that may come otherwise to customer understanding the problems that you are trying to solve? There are ways to solve it, right? And more or less her large operation. So answering a question, Pulse daily sales team, Right? There are always seminars, webinars happening. Every sales team has a marketing team which is doing webinar, right? So the marketing team campaigns, right? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[21:11]*: When they are trying to do campaigns, they understand what is happening in the market, how to do better campaigns. Analyst team set career proactive. So technically, let's say frequency would be once in bath. But there always trigger events that Keep on flowing inside internally. That comes from marketing campaign team, sales team, pre sales team, inside sales team and basis that information you decide whether does this require more dig deeper to understand the depth of it or you just it's a piece of information which you keep on updating your existing database. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:55]*: Got it. So basically it would follow from the sale and CS team through the CRM to everyone in the org. Right? That's how it will be, huh? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[22:04]*: Well, this is happening example, 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:07]*: Right? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[22:19]*: Basically suppose. Else how would you get to know even before LinkedIn is updated that a leadership position has guy has left. We already know that the guy is leaving two months before. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:47]*: Understood, Understood, got it. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[22:51]*: And that information is floating in the market. It is not in public domain. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:00]*: Understood. So basically at least for say a big like late stage startup like say Lead Squared, the at least the product roadmap, You had to Change the roadmap, etc. Right? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[23:27]*: Even if let's say AI comes and AI has come now it's an insight for your product roadmap to evolve. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:38]*: Right? Basically. That is finally what I wanted to understand from you for probably some startup like Lead Squared, let's say startup. So we have a larger question that I want to end of say understand. Meanwhile I'll probably just show you what we have tried to build also and what we are kind of thinking around. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[24:16]*: And yeah, see it does help to help you understand. But mapas Igbar Information. Joe Agar There is an organization which is of my size which is let's say 1500 odd people, right? 2000 people, 3000 people. Then these people are in the field all the time. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:43]*: For sure. Yes. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[25:04]*: Before it will even come in public domain. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:09]*: Got it. Understood. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[25:11]*: And. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:14]*: Different geographies. The least square B I think us, North America and India and Europe at that time. Will it help getting intelligence about. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[25:29]*: Yes, new geography. Basically maybe India. You're a bigger organization, you are a smaller organization. You don't have a field expertise field eyes, field years to get you what you need there. Somebody can help, 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:46]*: Right? Yeah, yeah. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[25:49]*: But whatever help that data or insight brings, the help should be directly correlated to helping me do business. An information, let's say a competitive information which does not help me scale my business or get new business is something I would not put money upon. Happy to read. It's a good read. I would love to read. But will I pay for it? Is always a question which you have to figure out. I will be happy to pay when it helps me do business. For sure I will be happy to read. But I Will not be happy to pay if it's an information. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:28]*: Totally. Yeah. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[26:29]*: Because you would want to have a subscription revenue, right? You would want a subscription revenue that we are updating it weekly basis. Pay me monthly. Right. It gets auto updated. That's pretty fine. Other information, if you just say information that does not help me do more business, help me increase revenue already Analysts, If you are giving me something that helps me do more business, then I'm willing to pay you. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:58]*: So that. Yeah, that is definitely one of the things that for the sales Persona at least that we are thinking of. So there are two three companies in this domain called Clue and Compiled. Simrash has acquired this company. So what they are doing is they are. They're plugging onto the CRM and they are there you can chat with the chatbot to understand things around a particular comparator or basically synthesize data on top of the CRM data. Right. And so what. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[27:35]*: Sorry, carry on. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:39]*: So basically they are doing something like that. What were also thinking is that these news and tell right. That can be. That can become a sales signal also like say for reviews. The one insights, the few insights main insights that we get from these different places that we can feed over to the sales team to help them kind of say create the rebuttals, create the objection handling and suppose a competitive target Karnata. So these are few pointers that where people have vouched that we have done better. So that kind of intel also is something that we are trying to kind of build Apart from that again this that would make sense executive so all those things we are definitely thinking of kind of adding it. But that is only from the like point of view of a sales Persona. Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[28:46]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:51]*: I think yeah. Map quakebar the Khaat what this is with a rough report here. This is not a product say right now were just trying to experiment whether we can get into like we can use LLM to do any analysis or not. Basically was for hypothesis. So initially like I was saying, right. We were trying to kind of build for PLG SaaS companies around pricing. So this is from linear perspective versus Z versus Asana like around pricing. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[29:27]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:28]*: Okay. So. So this is basically yeah positioning etc this is not very helpful right now. This we will do iterate more. This was an initial V1 around January 25th. So this is the cost calculator where like it gives you basically how much would 25 people say user base cost in linear jira. This is very simple. This is just a cost calculator then there is a analysis around this will be done by AI like directly around the same say price range like for free. What is the feature set that the linear offers versus JIRA offers and what are the unique advantages limitations. And it will also try to kind of give some strategic recommendations which I'll show you in the bottom Then user analysis across platforms you to Captera product hunt. What is the sentiment around that? What are people saying? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:29]*: And then strategic recommendations is what I was telling you. So SSL add SSO to the plus tier and raise it to 14 plan. Now why it is recommending that is because JIRA offers SSO at this and 23% of negative reviews cited missing SSO as a reason for churn. Okay and so these two combined and then some other things also that's how we are thinking of like we have to give evidence from different places to back any hypothesis that we show and then people can rate it. This will be that strategic intel. This is recommendations right now recommendation is something that were thinking that probably since we don't know company inside out. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:17]*: Sorry inside what is how it is functioning, what is the okrs etc and recommendations might not make sense but till the point where we can say take different data points from a lot of sources and kind of build hypothesis that makes sense that strategic intel will definitely like we have used for like the teams. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[31:38]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:38]*: So this is the initial thing that were thinking then once. So right now we are kind of say creating a POC with a M. Also it's a consulting company so we are kind of doing it for. This is a customized report. Again this is only for consumer durables. So they wanted to analyze these 15, 16 companies along the lines of financial tracker, deals, leadership, governance etc. So yeah we are kind of trying to do this. So this will have. This is just like right now not filled with real data. So this is a prototype that we have created basically Right. So if you see here they appointed a new like cfo. These are all the signals that we'll be getting and you can filter it by company etc. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:28]*: All this and then in computer moves this is where I was telling you like if they launched an economy range water heaters this is a little different to what I was telling because this is more like a consultant trying to analyze the market and find out where business they can get. Okay, this is slightly different lens but just to give you a feel of what is possible. Right. So it can basically consumer. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[33:05]*: Let's say let's put information into baskets static and dynamic information. Right. Static information is a stair information which will not update dynamically over the course of time. Right. Then there's a dynamic information. Dynamic information is what customer is always your buyer will be very keen to let's say suppose a PLG led companies if you can tell them this competitor of yours has onboarded this customer last week. Right. That's a very good insight for. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:38]*: Because. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[33:40]*: Because management sales team brings a lot of noise is customer Chalagaya and in noise the strategic information goes out in the air. Right. But if your data can tell them hey this customer which is your target domain has been acquired by a competitor. All right. It's an insight for me and if it builds over time it gives me how many customers I have lost to competition. That's a business value. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:13]*: Understood. No no. Thanks for that. I think dynamic information. Understood. Understood. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[34:25]*: Is price pay is great. Right. Dynamic information. B2C world information dynamic. Right. Consumer dynamic because let's say. Information dynamic because somebody is doing something every week. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:51]*: Correct. Correct. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[34:53]*: Right. But PLC. So your purpose should be to check your sector information dynamic. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[35:14]*: True. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[35:16]*: Dynamic information business value. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[35:27]*: Yeah Actually basically this is different. Consulting were just talking to them about their problems around how they do market research and competition. So USME they wanted so they are trying to track all of these people so that they understand and then we can pitch a M. So that's the lens that they have. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[35:57]*: Which is in the B2C world which is a competition dashboard. Competition dashboard. Because insights valid dashboard from a competition lens perspective exists dashboard filtered info which is very insightful and single glance inside you would get a tableau. You will hire analysts who would prepare a dashboard. You would pay him three four lakh rupees a month. If you prepare a dashboard for Tata Motors. You read their pulse of whatever they are saying speaking in the market. Say for example now they may want to run a campaign against it or they may want to blow it out in a proportion out of proportion to get a strategic advantage. That's a call they will take. But that insight is a value for him. They would want to. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:23]*: Got it. No. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[37:24]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:24]*: I think fair point. So this is basically. This is a deviant to what were thinking. This is more like to gain credibility and initial traction. We just wanted to understand what they are up to. Exactly as of the name. But yeah I think don't have that open where I had created one for this B2B SaaS for probably what I'll do. We are already over time what I'll do probably report and this I'LL just share it with you for say feedback. And I think that will be really helpful. And I think segregation of bullet dynamic versus stale information. I think. Thanks for that. And our dynamic signals deals may convert. Right. Let's say suppose a security breach happened. And then. At that same point the company can basically go and say mitigate after we can do a fresh audit. Etc. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:53]*: So those kind of things that will be valuable, right? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[38:57]*: Yes, valuable. This is your first venture. Second venture. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:04]*: This is my more or less second venture. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[39:10]*: Nicole. One is an enthusiasm to create a solution. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:15]*: Okay. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[39:16]*: And second is a truth which while creating business one should understand why will somebody be and how much they will pay. Is a very important point. And who will pay. You figure out who will pay why will wait and what will they pay. And then you come on this dashboard which information you want to show. It will be an easier path for you to develop the product. Then thinking first what all I should show is because see the product enthusiasm you can show a lot because there's so much of information available. But will I pay for it? Is that of relevance to me? I am trying to give you a lens. Her type of customer. Correct. Otherwise. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:48]*: Correct. Correct. For the solution that we have basically little bit in mind. Best Persona. But B2B SAS may do you think it is valuable from your perspective such a solution, 
**Siddharth Jain** *[41:30]*: Right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:39]*: I think a few companies are doing that. They talk to the customers and the research companies. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[41:45]*: They are not PLG companies. That is not what you want to get into, correct? No no. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:53]*: Yeah. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[41:58]*: Let's say monthly dashboard. Right. But let's say. Daily weekly dynamic information. Which is very important for my business. As of now. But if you bring that information which makes me open your dashboard like twice a day. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[42:39]*: Because. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[42:41]*: That is very important for my business. And that will always be linked to. That will always be linked to business, not to information. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[43:05]*: Fair point. I think finally business metrics say and teams decision make. And then how much are they willing to pay basically for the thing. Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[43:20]*: And focus on dynamics static information. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[43:25]*: Got it. Got it. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[43:28]*: But. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[43:33]*: No problem. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[43:34]*: Where do you operate from. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[43:41]*: My co founder. He's in Hyderabad. Bangalore. Sort of. That was more from different Persona. That is not what we are trying to build and file actually. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[44:20]*: No problem. Happy to help. Whenever you want it you can ping me and we can schedule next. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:29]*: Year. I think my co founder here. So I have left my job because of the health issues my co founder hasn't. Ideally he would also have like to obviously definitely have a discussion because as a hard hitting questions and basically or. And totally helpful let me kind of create that probably basically work we're just seeing that if multi agent system along with the data is that of any value then only we'll go ahead and say try to kind of create it in a product where. Company and then these are the competent I want to track accordingly populate say six months back and news flow were thinking of combining a lot of different things like across. And accordingly basically consumption but now we'll just try were definitely thinking about it but reinforced business value and business. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:57]*: That should be one of the things that we have to definitely take care at every basically insight or every thing that we are doing. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[46:09]*: You have my number ping me and you can connect again. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:26]*: And probably I'll talk to more people feedback later on report probably for some company versus the competitors and possible let's meet in person also someday. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[46:43]*: Absolutely happy. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:44]*: To catch up okay thank you so much thanks man thank you. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[46:52]*: Thank you best of luck thank you. 
