# Coffee Chat

**Meeting Date:** 3rd Feb, 2026 - 1:30 PM

---

**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:55]*: Hi Shobat sir. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[01:58]*: Hi Aditya. Hi. How are you? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:01]*: I'm doing well. How about you? 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[02:03]*: Good, good. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:03]*: Good. So thank you so much for taking our time on busy Tuesday. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[02:10]*: No, no worries. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:12]*: A Bangalore may based there. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[02:14]*: Bangalore. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:15]*: That's what about you right now currently I am also in Bangalore. Previously last year I had to travel a lot to SF and back to Bangalore because we had offices both the places so that was that and we have like parted ways and I've started something new. So. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[02:38]*: LinkedIn I think October is when you left your previous organization. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:42]*: Yeah. Correct, correct. So it was more into this basically marketing and sales domain the product and. Yeah. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[02:51]*: Which batch? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:51]*: IIT I'm from 2011-2016-2016-2016. Yeah. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[02:58]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:09]*: I know, I know. Good. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[03:12]*: So how did you figure out my id? How did you read? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:16]*: I was actually I'm right now trying to basically build something around competitive intelligence. So my co founder is from IT Bombay and I'm Ahmedabad. So he has worked at a firm where they basically process signals publicly available here on websites, on any forum, blogs etc. They create signals out of it for sales team. Yeah. Sort of zoom info here. Correct. And I think a lot of competitor compete and the signals is where they're working on. So they work with Infosys etc tech Mahindra and they just have a quick security breach work. So they immediately inform the security features company man and then the sales team of Infosys etc they reach out immediately engagement, we can partner etc so it opens the door and LinkedIn founders etc and accordingly basically recommendations launched your company. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[04:25]*: Or you're planning to launch. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:28]*: We are right now pre revenue we are building the product. So that's where we are talking to different Personas that are there. Right. Who require probably strategic and competitive intelligence. So there are not a lot of tools in the market. So strategy around focused hair. Right. So we thought if we can get a lot of signals from the website, from the investor etc. Right. Those signals there AI can probably combine a lot of things probably GTM hiring side and all those things and then it can kind of say combine and give good strategic outputs. Not exactly. Not exactly different. So there's something called Clue. So they have raised around I think 32 million. So that's primarily focused on the sales domain. Basically CRM can integrate. They'll fetch signals from your. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:24]*: They'll fetch other records from your CRM and then give you research agents via that agent. Or the second thing is they give battle cards etc on the fly battle cards. So that kind of. Yeah. Particular domain they have excelled and they found their niche so they are doing it. And basically the idea is more holistic abhito. At least it is focused. So we started off from pricing. So we thought pricing is little underserved and underlooked although it is one of the most important things. So we never get a comp like compare products. Fast. Right. So data update point in time. And then they come back to you and then tell you. So all those things can be probably covered under one single umbrella and it can be possibly percolated across the Org. And if you think about strategy as a whole. Right. Hiring signals. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[07:06]*: So that's how we are kind of thinking about it and upset. Basically what I wanted your perspective on since you have worked in pricing strategy etc. Right. So process how do you kind of do the same thing right. And probably what cadence overall milestones of the process that would be helpful and where probably you think AI could probably help you. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[07:39]*: You think AI will help in pricing. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[07:43]*: You think pricing is one of the things just a messaging change. Right. So people change positioning a lot. So if you see in today's world and pricing people have started shifting from seed based pricing to usage based pricing recently and. So at least I'll be more informed and it should not be retrospective integration market expansion. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[08:14]*: Give me a minute. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[08:15]*: Give me a minute. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[09:56]*: Yeah, sorry. So I'm slightly confused. You're saying you want to use AI to understand competition pricing or you are making a product which will help companies with pricing or you are saying you want to decide how you want to price your product. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:17]*: No, not the third option for sure. First two options either we just narrow down on the pricing part but pricing is not always exposed. A lot of companies have only contact sales Walla page. So that's why we are trying to kind of go around GTM Vala User Reviews Go ahead G2 pick Aptera Etc. Right. All those things. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[10:38]*: So that is for yourself for your company or you will provide it as a service to. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:45]*: Provided provided as a service to a lot of other people. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[10:51]*: Interesting. Basically. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:56]*: Right Competitors. So right from messaging and once you start after say six, seven months one year. User reviews on G2 capture. Enable Homegates basically Pura workflow pricing exposed that in that case feature gap analysis. Correct the high radius here. So we are kind of talking to them trying to like the B2B companies. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[11:43]*: Don'T expose their pricing. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:45]*: Yeah, correct. Correct. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[11:46]*: A lot of them only if the business is B2B and they're also looking at SMEs and individuals or say kind of B2C not really B2C but B2SME or B2B SM MSME they expose the pricing on the plz products correct user based whatever they will expose but. It's difficult to get. Also because B2B pricing is always variable and dynamic. Depending on the client's requirement, depending on the client's budget, depending on the client's stature and depending on the sales guy pitching it top pricing and depending on the potential and volume and your desperation to get a business so signals I'm not sure because. Because we also did something recently. But absolutely useless. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:01]*: So we have our engines in place and accordingly. We'll let you know evidence. So that's why we are telling you to do this. So that will be part of it. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[13:24]*: Got it, Got it. Yeah. So what's your question? How can I help you? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:29]*: So basically in your current company, right strategy as a whole, if you can just tell me what are the components that you look at that will be helpful and pricing exposed. I have not actually just checked your website pricing exposed here apart from pricing strategically and if you want computer intelligence. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[14:02]*: We look at the competition client brands so you get a sense that they're looking at enterprise or mid markets or startups. That is the first thing I get to know. Second is I also get a reference check that they're focusing only on enterprise. Then if I'm going to a mid market or a startup I know how to play it because enterprise they will be charging a premium so I can easily win it. Third is I look at the pricing but I understand that there will be the way things work especially in SaaS. In B2B is in enterprise you try and charge one time fee, platform fee, AMC is all those in bulk and give per user at a lower value. So I always discounted when I know this is the price they're giving. At an enterprise mid market may I level slightly different price. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[15:01]*: So we made a benchmark and I think our company is about 150 plus clients. So pricing discovery. So I'm not so worried about the pricing discovery. It took us a year and a half to understand existing clients 10, 20%. So then it's easy new clients. I think people we go by our benchmarks which is similar in lines to competition and which is the existing clients and extra little because everybody loves the negotiation. Every client will negotiate and come back to a slightly smaller value. To answer your question, I. I don't think so. We look we keep researching on competition pricing on a regular basis. We started with certain assumptions after Six months we saw if too many anomalies are happening, we quickly change and move forward. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[16:07]*: But B2B pricing may A lot of times clients say proposal and competition and of course you have to match it or this was my deal last year, I'm looking at only a smaller hike. Then we look at those numbers but broadly benchmarks set so we don't keep changing the price and we don't even put too much effort looking at competition pricing. After I think the first six months we did a competition benchmarking went to about six, seven competitors and look at their rates. Some of them were in the market, some of them we knew our clients who were using their services on Semde Manglia Ikad. I think we knew somebody who was working in that company. Otherwise I think when you're looking at overall revenue you don't look, don't plan to change your pricing methodology very frequently. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[17:11]*: If you have a per user fee, you continue with the per user fee because some of the clients understand that it's only when you see a competition then you completely change your pricing methodology and say okay, hey this is my one time price and you don't worry about users. That's how we make those changes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:32]*: Got it. Pricing definitely. Overall messaging customers. Should we pitch that as a messaging part? Is that something that. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[18:12]*: Not really. Not really. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:15]*: Okay. Okay. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[18:15]*: Maybe Amala product is not so complex. That's why we are not going to G2S and checking what all the pain points are simple product. So we don't really look too much look at competition. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:34]*: Okay, okay, got it. And strategy team more or less responsibility. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[18:45]*: Yeah. We are a small startup, we are 30 member team. So I'm heading the sales partnership, pricing strategies and founders. When we feel we are not going in the right direction. So product and strategy. Then we realized that he's not able to add value and he was asked to move on and now we are focusing. In fact we moved him into the sales role and then we got him replaced. I mean we are, I mean true, true founders only believe in that strategy or maybe some inputs coming from the investors. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:51]*: To an extent. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[19:55]*: Strategy discuss and QBR once in a while discussion it's more about numbers. But as a major strategy we get some inputs and try and think on the strategy but we don't change our strategy basis competition looking at some signals from competition and we change our strategy. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:29]*: Try to kind of create some kind of a report. If I'm just able to get it easily to an extent it's not Just give me a moment. Sure. Is it visible? So this is for an ad hoc basically were trying it for high radius right now we are talking to them also. So it's basically what we are trying to give here is key who is the market leader. It is based on signals from G2 the number of customers that they have features and accordingly we are kind of creating a score position and there a flow cast. This is doing really well recently in their market. So hence it comes here draft report. So we just trying to see flow cast here. So in that case they are landing and expanding in the mid market side. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:15]*: And evidence Johan is the G2 reviews is 43% up. They have hired six enterprise a roles launch net suit advanced and closed EA marketing campaign targeting black lines weakness. So we are doing it for the Flowcast high radius similarly suit bundling and we are just talking to them right now. We are talking about a probable design partner. So we're talking to their team and we're trying to kind of get a report made for them. Then we can kind of build on top of that. And so it has picked up evidence from the enterprise wins that they have announced on the website. Right. So they have acquired this so is type Intel Kesat we are telling them from the different players and 90 day strategic trip timeline the last three months May what have they done right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:20]*: December May I say black line UI announced partnership. This is also there then hiring signal intelligence roles make it not poster job and how many have they closed basically right. So this is also part of it then after customer sentiment analysis the last 90 days May what are the reviews that people have received on black line versus flow cost versus high radius planful value for money. There have been comments hence the score is showing less than others. It has picked from CAP G2 and other platforms where reviews have and expensive compared to alternative. And then basis that confidence score can tell not only. And that is something that probably at times marketing teams of other companies want you to see. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:39]*: They don't obviously always kind of think in that direction but they try to kind of that is something that they want to reveal not everything those yeah so yeah basically partnership company is the pricing pressure and then we recommend PDF type guy we'll try to kind of create and make it in a product. Sorry every day. Marketing campaign and then we'll kind of pass it on to other people that and this is a discount website. So it's not very polished right now were trying to kind of create that backend architecture to an extent we get this. So yeah. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[25:56]*: What will be your TG? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:58]*: So yeah initially were thinking plz b2b sas right. B2cb name especially sales. What is not added is traffic. All those things are available via Semrush etc. What can we improve? Probably right. Because same tg why not we also a B test with that. So all those things come into picture and basically valuable. Any comments? 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[27:04]*: Yeah. See I've worked in large enterprises and I worked in startups and I think large enterprise may you know your competition very well. At least I was in the consumer industry. But maybe tech clients. Large tech clients. I don't startups anybody will pay for it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:31]*: Okay. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[27:32]*: Because startups tend to believe that they their product is the best and this is the niche and they don't look at those smaller things so minutely and they wouldn't spend money to get something like this mid market and beyond. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:51]*: Got it. Pricing it won't be helpful. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[27:57]*: What what is the pricing you're think looking at? We've got just two minutes so let's. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:01]*: Quickly so pricing right now if we target the enterprise layer etc. Right. The pricing can be charged at $1500 something because our consultants in enterprises and they do point in time solutions so usque basis but that's 1% sort of what they are charging and this is continuous every month. So if you go in that TG then the pricing is larger but probably 300 to $500. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[28:36]*: I think 1500 is decent. 1500 $2000 should be fine. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:45]*: Got it. Take a time less. I'll see if we can make some time. I stay in Whitefield possible definitely would like to meet and no more Whitefield. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[29:19]*: Is a different city. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:23]*: Yes. Yes. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[29:24]*: Also what I've also done is I'm also getting into a fractional CRO and pricing consultant role. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:30]*: Okay so. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[29:32]*: So currently I'm still with Locubator and I'm already consulting one more company so two and I think that's the way forward which I am thinking. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:49]*: Look and give us two ideas around. Yeah yeah. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[29:55]*: I mean I'm doing very short projects with people. I think apart from the current 2 list all were short projects 2 months, 3 months. I think it's really helpful for startups because the challenge startups is revenue and sales. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:13]*: Correct. Firefighting and you're not able to think strategically and obviously. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[30:23]*: Exactly. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:25]*: Thank you so much sir. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[30:38]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:39]*: Thank you so much. Have a good day. 
**Shobit Bhargava** *[30:42]*: U2 by. 
