# Garima Tiwari and Aditya Raj Singh

**Meeting Date:** 25th Feb, 2026 - 6:30 PM

---

**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:33]*: Good evening. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[01:34]*: Good evening. Sorry I just got a little late. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:37]*: No issues, no issues. Thank you so much for taking our time and I would like to quickly introduce myself and probably lay out the problem statement where I require your inputs. So I'm Ayan singh, graduated from IIT Roorkee in 2016 post which primarily I've been working in the field of AI ML for the last nine and a half years. Prior to the startup that I'm working on I was chief operating officer at Super AGI. We managed to increase the revenue from near 0 to 2 million in course of 3 years and raised around 14 million DOL. Prior to that I was working with Excel and practical analytics, helping companies like Google Lending Club USA with business and associated data analytics and data science kind of techniques to improve business decision making. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:32]*: And yeah, right now I'm working on a competitive intelligence tool where we are trying to kind of collate the publicly accessible information about different computers that we need to track. Why we came to this, why we thought there was a need for this tool, such a tool is because entrepreneurship is growing, startups are coming up, right. The coding speed has decreased and product launches, the marketing around it and then passing the information to the customer becomes very vital and a lot of new things, disruption is happening every day. Right. So for this kind of these macros we thought that it is probably required and then again the data, competitive data or intelligence today sits in different, with different teams. TA team will have information around the hiring product team will have information around the features etc. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:28]*: And sales and customer success will have feedback from the customers on the product itself. Right. So we wanted to kind of create a system of record for the competitors where we can at least see the drift in their messaging, positioning, the reviews that are, that they are generating. Right. So all of these and on top of that what we want to do is create a layer of intelligence which sits on top of this data that is basically fetched from different sources and then verified and it gives us insights into what they're more or less doing or planning to do in the future. Right. And at a later stage probably we will introduce something like a strategic recommendations tab where we can see, okay, like to mitigate or basically act on some intel, what should be our next steps? Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:25]*: So yeah, that's where I want inputs from your side around like how do you currently track competitors? Right. So for you like how many competitors do you track? What is the frequency and if you can let me know the briefly the process around it. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[04:44]*: See regarding, I mean you want tracking around what? Like around marketing. See I currently track them for marketing numbers regarding like say socials. So LinkedIn. LinkedIn is likely when you get a company page, you get to know your competitors, you feed them like on certain keywords, who's doing good in terms of number of posts, engagement or in terms of say your. Who's getting more followers, who's getting more traction. Apart from that, from LinkedIn there are like. For normally I use Semrush. Semrush for understanding traffic. A lot of the times I do manual stuff as well. Manual stuff as in see, I mean these tools will just give me the quantitative aspect. Like I might get the traffic, I might get what kind of ranking they are getting. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[05:46]*: But qualitatively we try to see uncertain keywords where we are not ranking who's ranking, what kind of content are they writing. So it's like on a regular basis I kind of check out the search engine rankings page for different keywords, who's ranking, what kind of content they are writing their blogs, etc. To understand how they are interacting with their customer base. This I'm telling you from a purely marketing perspective. From my perspective, how I do it, I mean for definitely for revenue for their tools. There are other things around where people. Just give me one second. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:29]*: Yeah, for sure. No issue. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[06:59]*: Yeah, sorry. Yes. So were kind of. Yeah, so I mean for like how are you like when you talk about competitive intel, what are you exactly looking for? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[07:15]*: So I'll totally do that at the end of the call. I don't want to bias you right now. So I'll show you what we have tried out with. So just to give you an example without showing you like the product or the reports that we are kind of building. So think of it like this, that we can Fetch reviews from G2, we can fit reviews from Captera, we can collate all that information and let the teams know, okay, what are the pain points that the customers are facing? 
**Garima Tiwari** *[07:42]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[07:43]*: Probably that is something that you can use as a topic in your content to kind of target. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[07:50]*: I can, I can probably. But see content may when you get that bottom of the funnel kind of content that is a very niche content. So when we write content for blogs, we write it from a commercial standpoint as well. Commercial standpoint as in the visibility standpoint, you write the kind of content pieces you're talking about. We write it only when you have a substantial amount of regular viewership. But to maintain that level of traffic and viewership as well, we need to also ensure that we write top of the funnel high volume keywords, high search keywords where you know things are written in a way where they are like top of the funnel or like you know high traction gaining things like maybe the commercial stuff. So it. It always has to be a balance of both. But G2 cap there are definitely. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[08:46]*: Yeah readings are being checked. I have recently for level written some competitive pages top say certain competitors alternatives pages basically. So if you will see I am sharing my screen. I can show this to you. Can you see my screen. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:09]*: Now? I. Yeah now I can see. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[09:13]*: Yeah. So this is like alternative spaces. Okay. So here definitely there's like a backend intel where you know it's about what everybody offers how their tool works, word of mouth and all this the this is the battle card kind of content which I usually get from my dev people or you know customer excellence people like they are the people who deal with people working on problems firsthand. On the contrary, on the contrary what I prefer doing is like G2 and all I have Reese see if you'll see this. I have ensured. I don't know why G2 ratings are not visible here. Just one second. There's one more article drop 10 documentation. Yes. Here, here if you will see I have written like I have mentioned the tools here. I have mentioned the G2 ratings as well. So we are keeping a tab on use. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[10:29]*: We are not. We are sometimes here and there. That is something which see people take care of more when for content. It is something which is not of much like until and unless something breaks or something new insight comes up and that too comes from See those are the people who monitor these kind of you know numbers or maybe the branding teams. So currently I am like since our marketing team is a smaller one. So we are only branding and all but branding are like we're working on different tangent right now. We're not branding heavy as of yet. You're more on the organic side. But HA G2 rating and all we have a look see I have made make sure that these things are there. So even this is very transparent for the readers as well from the price, the pricing. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[11:23]*: I also like to fetch all of this from their website D2 and all. So yeah these things are there. Apart from that the pros, cons. Those things which are there. This is how I kind of get an idea regarding like my primary metric here is content like what people are writing. What kind of content is being built around what kind of traction they are getting. How I can Beat that to get that to establish my brand's value. How like how many value proportion proposition of my product, how those kind of things. So there I am more laser sharp focused on understanding the kind of content other people are producing. The kind of people who are reading how it's like the visibility of the content, how we can those kind of things. Because see content especially long form blog is something which reflects. Which. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[12:29]*: Which reflects the thinking and the thought process of any brand. Whether you say Google, there's this thinking think lab, something like that blog. So everywhere it's like for everybody blog, especially in B2B Texas. I feel blog plays a major role in getting self serve business. And although our product is more of a sales touch, but still I kind of feel that this helps bringing in the brand awareness in understanding the usps, in understanding how the product does the work, how like those kind of things. So that's. That's all how I operate. I operate in a very bland or you can say very boring way. The. The classic approach, old school where we just try to understand what others are offering and try to offer a little bit more on a regular basis. Just that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:37]*: Understood. So what will be helpful for you probably is getting to know whenever computer launches a page on their website. It might be mostly blog or. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[13:49]*: Yes I think what kind of content. Like if I can get a maybe you know what kind of content they are writing. Maybe white papers, any new product releases, release notes, those kind of things. But those kind of things on a very like on a very shorter level. Not, not like nothing too detailed on. Because see people tend to bombard the website with the, with. With lots of content to get more and more traction. Because sometimes people are scaling content. So you know everybody posting one or two content every day and me keeping tab of everything becomes hectic because I have to manage my work as well. So I think if things work like. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[14:39]*: Like in a way where I get the little bit like if I get the headliners or where I can skim through and understand what is important, what is not, those kind of things can be helpful for me. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:53]*: Understood. So basically okay, fetching the content and then probably what might help your KPIs or what would be relevant for you if you can add that layer on top of that. So that will be helpful for you probably right? 
**Garima Tiwari** *[15:06]*: Yes. Just. Yeah, I mean getting. Getting the phone in a very like. Yeah, sorry not getting before Alice is sorry like getting the content pieces like come in headline forms a very brief key topics. Sometimes even the topics are Enough to understand what others are writing. Newsletter type newsletter. It's just a topic and if the writer finds it or reader find is it interesting, they click and delete. If I might find something very interesting which I might find out of the way then I can read that I can understand it as a release. Notes. Okay. Press release. Press release to a certain degree but press release or Goinaya product launch, Hoga Koina feature launch Hoga something like that I think should be very helpful to me. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:13]*: You got it. And in your like right now process or basically what would be that one competitor activity or intelligence or intel basically about them that would really make a difference right now for you primarily. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[16:33]*: What kind of content they are posting. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:36]*: Okay. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[16:37]*: Because that is something which will help me understand what's going on in the peers what people are reading. You get to. You get to understand. Sometimes you get to understand the pulse of readers by interacting with them on LinkedIn but sometimes by even you see what others are publishing, you see how people are reacting to it. That is also a way to understand the user interest. So I kind of feel user interest is primitive here. User interest was going on. Who's writing what kind of things will definitely help. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:13]*: Got it. And so what platforms do you think will be helpful here? Like say websites? Definitely we can keep a tab on the website blogs. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[17:23]*: See LinkedIn. You get it on LinkedIn Dashboard Social SC. Just one second. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:33]*: Yeah, for sure me. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[18:10]*: Hello. Sorry. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:11]*: Yeah, 
**Garima Tiwari** *[18:13]*: So yeah I think blogs. So even if you try to fetch that thing those dashboards, I don't think that would be really very beneficial. Traffic idea traffic user engagement if you can pick that. Because not everybody uses Semrush. If I'll put competition organic I will get to know what kind of AI engagement they do, what kind of how many keywords they are ranking for at number one or maybe you know, top ten those kind of things. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:01]*: Got it. Do you also kind of look at the strategy for artificial engine optimization also? 
**Garima Tiwari** *[19:08]*: Definitely, definitely. See I mean AEO and GEO is something which we Feb. May. I mean if you would know Google has like launched a Feb. May algorithm change. With that algorithm change things are changing like the game, the rules are changed. Earlier it was SEO heavy where content was very much optimized for the reading thing. Visibility across the industry traffic down. And not just us, even the big wigs everybody because reader habit change. Readers used to click on the article, read whole article or some. Then they started skimming through when they started skimming through. Now with AI overview what AI does It does is article skim format section by section so you get it in the open. So people do open the article itself. Now the whole idea is to rank there like Reese. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[20:36]*: I'll just share my screen once again with you to give you an idea about it because right now I was working on it my I myself I'm working on the same problem. What you're asking see rogue API now if you'll see rogue API see so many content it's like skimming through everything it's crawling now this information in itself is enough for somebody reading now. Somebody who will read here who will understand the difference between rogue shadow zombie difference. Click through ratio as compared to say an year ago or six months ago. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:45]*: Before that. Sorry. Google also introduced this, right? 
**Garima Tiwari** *[21:48]*: Oh this AI overview Gemini I think is very like it's. It's very heavy. Comparatively easier than. We are working on. Because crawler information. Discovery failure. Definition. So you have to be like you need to understand. You need to make it very readable answer the obvious questions. Because I think AI overview is something which is just answering the obvious question. So again this stems out from the SEO. Though we used to. We used to try answering the how, what when those kind of things to make it. To make it a very comprehensive piece. Because. We need to kind of understand like make it more question answer like we need to put it more pointer friendly. And I was also going through that. But E80 the classic Google thing like it's. It's this you can read about it. Experience, expertise, authoritativeness and trustworthiness. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:15]*: Got it. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[24:18]*: You need to understand it from a query perspective. Something which is very question answer ish format like questioning question. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:36]*: Got it. Question answer. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[24:45]*: Questions. It is answering so many questions. It is saying what is discovery failure, how it is commonly approached, why these failed, how it manifests in production. So you need to make sure this thing happens. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:12]*: Questions are there basically that can be answered. So does it become easier for say AI to pick this because of it answering questions? 
**Garima Tiwari** *[25:22]*: Yes. Zombie pay discovery fails consequences. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:41]*: So I have also seen one more tactic that companies are using right now which probably you might also be using is that in the blogs, the website. The blogs perplexity. Correct, correct. So this also helps, right? 
**Garima Tiwari** *[26:02]*: Is what I've seen kind of yes, kind of no. You thought a readability may help. So we need to like we are moving away from the long form content but information on the information. So it has to be detailed but we have to give people options to pick whatever they want. It's about that. So. I am still finding the matrices even. I mean I am also looking forward to. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:18]*: Because. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[27:24]*: We need to move ahead from traffic and we need to move towards more AO geo. We still figuring that out. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:34]*: Got it. And KPI content, is it the website visits or basically the blog visits. Is that the KPI or conversion downstream Traffic. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[27:47]*: Traffic. Traffic. See sometimes it's traffic, sometimes it's conversion. But conversion can not always be tracked because sometimes maybe you might come, read an article, go back, come to the website again and purchase a production journey break. Now we generally try to understand it from a user awareness perspective. Active users, new users and those kind of things. Traffic, traffic. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:27]*: Got it. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[28:28]*: DSC things, Google search console things. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:32]*: We are already at 7. Is it okay if you just extend. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[28:35]*: Yeah, yeah. Sure, sure. But I want to understand what you are offering your product. Very curious about it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:42]*: Yeah. So let me just quickly deep dive into it. Let me show you and then probably ask you. Hopefully I won't bias you. Yeah. So initially were working on PLZ pricing. Okay. We saw that for. Not for buyer Persona for the people who are creating products. Right. They don't have insight into. So we started off from here. This. We were just testing this last month basically around January 25th. So we. We were thinking of giving a cost calculator. Linear. Linear is one of the jira's computer new computer. So this is for linear Steam to check versus Jira and Asana. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[29:34]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:34]*: So. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[29:38]*: This is nice. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:40]*: So basically a module. But yeah, this only works when the pricing is exposed. Not where you have a contact sales page. And then again. So this was the initial draft. I'm just taking you through different layers that we have gone through. So this is comparing the similar tiers. So free tier along with three. Three tier for linear jira. Right. So what are the advantages? Where are we lacking then pricing related reviews on the different platforms. Right. Wherever pricing has been mentioned. So that kind of a thing then basically the strategic recommendation. So this is the data we collated. So AI is saying that let's add SSL to plus tier and raise to 4014 plan. Why is it saying this? Because JIRA offers SSO at $8 and Asana at 11 and you don't have it basically in this tier. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:39]*: And 23% of negative reviews cite missing SSO as a reason of chart. Right. So these two combined basically give you back this hypothesis or recommendation. So this was the initial thing that were building then we thought that probably this is small in scope because a lot of companies don't have the things exposed. Right. So hence we. So right now we are also working on a POC with High Radius. It's a fintech company doing north of 300 million. So what we are doing for them. I'll just quickly. So this is a rough report. We are building the product differently. This is a report basically where we wanted to check whether AI systems can produce something that misses the human eye. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[31:26]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:27]*: So say Flowcast, it's a competitor of High Radius. So they are moving up market right now. Why is it saying that? Because they hired six enterprise A's. Right. Launched NetSuite Advanced and then they said close in five days. Challenge marketing campaign targeting black lines weakness. Okay, so if for today this would reside with talent acquisition team. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[31:54]*: Right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:54]*: This would be with say marketing and product team. This will be with the marketing team. So it tries to kind of create hypothesis and back it up with evidence. Okay, so if I show you another one. So High Radius, right. So they have basically acquired a startup, right? AI recon startup. They have hired 12 fraud managers versus blacklines 4 and V2. There is a quote in one of the reviews that Blackline quoted this much and higher ideas offered for a similar price. Okay. So there's another thing that comes up is one of the insights that came up is that hiatus will launch an AI recon platform because of. Let me just show that other report. Probably that will better. Yeah, yeah. Something like this. So they have acquired the startup like we saw. They have hired eight ML engineers. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:56]*: Their messaging shifted to autonomous finance and patent filing for this particular thing. So all of this would be with different teams. So what AI does it takes data from different places and then collates it and kind of proves or disproves its hypothesis. Right. And then again if I take you from top. So this is like a 90 day strategic drift timeline. So like in the month of January, if you see Anna plan, so they have close connector. This product launch has happened targeting black line migrations. Plan four is partnership with Blackline's competitor. High Radius Messaging is now autonomous finance. Right. And flow cost. This marketing campaign launched. Right. Similarly for the different months. What, what are the computers up to? So planful in the month of December they change their positioning from this to this. Right. And then there was an mna. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:01]*: So this gives you like a feed of the different things and tags it around relevant categories. Then you have hiring intelligence around different roles that are open right now on LinkedIn. Right. And this we will add with respect to geography also so that you understand. Okay. If there's a particular geography that they are targeting also then you have your customer review analysis. So this is better I think explained. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[34:28]*: Here where if you can pull it a little above so that this whole thing in the dashboard, the customer review intelligence report which is towards the bottom of the scroll if it goes to the top. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:45]*: Yeah, this is a rough report, Narima. So not. This is just to check whether it is able to do something around the data that we are feeding it. So this was just a check. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[34:56]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:57]*: Okay. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[34:57]*: I mean I was just giving a suggestion that I'm looking for value because sequence also matters. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[35:04]*: No, no, for sure. So these were the different reports that were playing tinkering with. Now we are kind of say building this front end. Okay, I got logged out. Just give me a moment, I'll just quickly open it and show you. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[35:35]*: It. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:23]*: Yeah. Is my screen visible? 
**Garima Tiwari** *[36:25]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:27]*: So right now still work in progress but just to give you a look and feel of how we are thinking about it. So like this is the feature matrix. Okay. So for fpna, for the high radius Hannah plan, those five components that are talking about what are the features that they have. Okay. So in supply chains, in sales planning, workforce. So we are kind of pulling that, collating it in one. Then we are giving feature gap analysis. Right. This is more relevant to product and probably broad marketing team right now. Then there is something called claims audit. Like okay, marketing. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[37:10]*: It's good. Like we. We tend to write competitor MLPs marketing landing pages. This is good for bad battle card content. It's really good for battle cards this one. Yeah, yeah. Battle cards alternatives pages here, Comparison pages here. Top tools pages here. Definitely it will help you out there. Primary insights. It will help. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:37]*: Understood. We have something called claims. We are trying to build a front end. Basically say high radius of my platform website 100 automated invoice delivery. So what are the other people saying around this? Right. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[38:01]*: Claims we are delivering this, we are delivering that. You are you kind of even cross checking it whether it is correct or not. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:13]*: That won't be possible because AI won't have access to the inside the product. In most of the cases what we're trying to do is high radius 5.5 days reduction in DSO bolt a black line. Accounts receivable are typically corrected in two or two months or less. High radius, black line versus here topics over. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[38:44]*: Claims. We say important it is good from a product positioning perspective. Definitely it is. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:53]*: 25%. Just for saying out loud. That can be one of the things we should know. And then we are writing 5%. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[39:12]*: I get that. I get that. This is. This is something which is very important especially for people who are creating content on the PMMs. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:26]*: Then we have integration Kapura coverage like okay, in FPNA what are the different integrations they are offering? Like Oracle does not have Netsuite work there. And salesforce. I'll have to check this stuff. Yeah. Kind of giving a total view of like different. Different integrations that these platforms have against the competitors. And then we have whatever is present on the website consume. We are saying okay, what are the named customers on their website. This basically helps sales team for sure. Right. And then if there's some testimonial. So testimonial say what we can do another layer is we can kind of create word jargon map or something like that word cloud basically that might be very relevant for content Part at least is what are the words that they're using for the maximum frequency Website pick. Yeah words use. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:27]*: Yaka customer sorry customer competitor what they are up to. And then customer testimonials may write. So what are these people comfortable with? Like the customers. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[40:49]*: Sorry, sorry to just cut one step ahead. Recommendations. This is something. That would be. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:21]*: Helpful. Was this helpful or not? We can do that. The only problem that I see there is a lot of times we are not aware of the constraints within the company or their strategy. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[41:37]*: That is completely okay. See you provide them with five options. Sometimes even the people in the company would not know their potential. As a recommendation as a brand consultant. Wordplay features. Recommendation suggestion Recommendation could be in the form of an action item could be in the form of a gap which you can identify for them. Information dump provide career this is just like data visualization dashboard. Somewhere it is in the mid Fort by building out some insights out of it. If you will build some insights from that will just flip the whole game. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[43:29]*: No, no, were thinking of that. Just that were not sure whether people will like it or not. But then again. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[43:48]*: At the end of the day versus human. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:00]*: Feedback. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[44:03]*: In my opinion. Meaning highlight. Because sometimes these managers people are running short of time. They will get every information dump in one go. But everybody every time they might not have that in their mind. They might also pull it from here and put it in charge GPT Gemini or somewhere else to get. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:35]*: Got it makes sense. I think just that. So once we are done with this. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[44:43]*: I am just telling you the future, 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:56]*: Right? 
**Garima Tiwari** *[44:58]*: This is actually very good. This is like even if I will see I'll get everything in One place. This will help me out. This will make my life easier 100%. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:10]*: And then comparative messaging like what are the key messages and which pain points are they targeting? Probably messages. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[45:21]*: Messages I would say landing pages social media okay blogs release notes now latest releases like you can talk about feature launches latest releases messaging playbook company voice on social media company voice on long form press releases just to make sure you can tell what people are voicing out on their different platforms because her platform may Kaibar buddy department people have social media are different and they might not be in sync with each other. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:05]*: Sure, sure. Yeah actually websites here but I got your point. Social media website then press releases. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[46:15]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:16]*: Really product launches. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[46:20]*: Basically website payments feature website social media website pay up new landing pages search you can talk about blog last. If I say cluster format. Related certain topics. So you can also identify this are precuring keywords or sentiments recurring pain points messaging may highlight recurring themes identify clusters identify recurring themes. If they are writing about say AI security, API security, wafs, whatever. XYZ. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[47:40]*: I think. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[47:54]*: Then I don't think I would need to go to everybody's blog here and there. Top ranking keywords. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:39]*: True and probably. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[48:45]*: 100%. 100% important. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:49]*: This is very valuable feedback. I hope Fireflies. I just got into that flow but yeah, completely fine. It should be up to Fireflies to capture it properly. Yeah. Hope it takes it but then again yeah I'll just keep it in English for the time being. Positioning was there. I understood. Probably. We'll try to design that also. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[49:33]*: Sure, sure. And in case you need any help with marketing or something. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[49:44]*: Once we kind of close this then definitely yeah. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[49:48]*: Because I have been working with a lot of people. Like I'm working. I've seen the big scale companies, I've seen the small scale companies. So I think I could give my. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[50:00]*: 2 cents many for sure. Just that initial stages I think we'll be able to kind of at least talk to a lot of people around this. Right. So get up definitely insights will be very valuable. And then Yahapana we had done FAQ intelligence. Like what are the FAQs that they are talking about? 
**Garima Tiwari** *[50:29]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[50:31]*: Different companies etc. Look for this who are addressing basically we have to improve right now it's not up to the mark. And then basically news and momentum. Momentum tracker. The headlines you were saying right on the website that we get. So something like this one stream has been named leader by Gartner etc. Whatever is on the website will basically come here. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[50:58]*: You can also track their Socials for news and momentum. Because people generally put out on their socials more than their website. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:06]*: Correct? Correct. We will be doing that. Just that this has not been built in but definitely social media tracking the movement of people. Tracking what are people posting about. Tracking that will be definitely. And save the other competitor is say commenting or doing a lot of activity on LinkedIn. That also we will incorporate. So we are also thinking one more thing. Multiple things are there. So we'll have to structure all that. Whatever is very important for marketing say for generally for the company say and then we'll have to see. What was I talking about? 
**Garima Tiwari** *[51:45]*: Exactly. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:46]*: I just missed the point. Let me come back to that. So this is the reviews intelligence. This the data we have fetched from multiple like Gartner G2 etc and we give a holistic view around like how many number of reviews are there across platforms. Okay. And how many are positive, neutral, negative. This I think we have to improve. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[52:11]*: This is good. This one, the previous one. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[52:15]*: Okay. This one. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[52:16]*: Right? Yeah. This one. This. This dashboard is very clean. It's very easy to consume. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[52:22]*: True, true. I think this chart will happen. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[52:24]*: The trend line. You can remove the trend line. Not required. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[52:28]*: Yeah. We're just experimenting. So we just. We are not selling right now. We are creating that MVP and then category net sentiment like around product performance, integration, pricing. What are people saying? 
**Garima Tiwari** *[52:45]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[52:46]*: And then threat assessment for each competitor. And what we want to give is something like this which will be extra. Something like this. Like okay. What are the top complaints by the combination for the competitors. Right. Like for high radius support team response time is 22%. So this can be used as a targeting campaign, email at least. Right. Or a battle card. So these can be highlighted, can be. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[53:17]*: Used and sometimes it can also be used to enhance your own performance. Like maybe you know, faster response time than the peers. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:29]*: Correct, Correct. So that's what we. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[53:32]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:32]*: That's why were thinking like probably positive reviews are a lot time asked from the customers. Right. Negatives are the ones that are actually true. So kind of collating that. And so this will help in not only in content and landing pages in basically directly one one customer conversations convincing them. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[53:54]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:54]*: A lot of places this might be helpful. Yeah. So this is more or less what we have developed till now. There's a lot of things that we are thinking just that you need to trim it down to keep it consumable. Right. So what is your thoughts on this? 
**Garima Tiwari** *[54:10]*: Looks fantastic. Like I mean the insights are really good. When is. It's an Intelligent piece of work. Just that I think a couple of things points which I would like to add like I've already added but I'm just doing it for flies again so that it helps for you. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[54:26]*: Thank you. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[54:28]*: Primarily if you just try to skim blogs, understand what people are writing about their socials and add those socials into your news and highlight where you get about new product releases, new feature releases, anything they are talking about, any kind of sentiment they are trying to create. Then apart from that, I think you can use Semrush and other platforms to get insight about Semrush has got Semrush hrefs, those kind of things where you can get to know their traffic, their rankings. Because the core digital marketing teams, the SEO teams, content teams who are looking for organic would definitely see that. And if possible, if possible one step ahead. The brand keywords. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[55:23]*: Okay, okay. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[55:25]*: Something where people bid their brands. People, I mean that's the heavy money leakage area where you know, people compete for their own brands, brand names for competitor brands. They put ads. So what are the top ads? What are the ads being put for different companies or top keywords or brand keywords. May who's ranking for whose, Those kind of things. LinkedIn insights you'll get from LinkedIn definitely. Like who's. But yeah, these kind of things I think will be very helpful. See performance marketing, I mean the ad thing, paid marketing is something which is very advanced but at least organic. Also if you crack the Semrush thing, traffic, how's this traffic? How's their serve? How's their other matrix doing? Their health da domain authority of the website. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[56:25]*: Those kind of things are something which people often track about their competitors when they are doing the content game. What they are writing about last 30 days, what they've written like last three months, what's working well, what's not working well. I think those kind of things is something which will definitely help. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[56:46]*: Understood. Understood. And we are also planning to like you saw the feature gap analysis, right? The feature gap. So similarly we are trying to do marketing activity analysis. Do they have videos? How many blogs do they have? If yes. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[57:03]*: And content gap analysis. You can do content gap analysis. So you can do it section wise. Like organic May you can do it in organic, you can do it in paid. Paid may say for example there's certain branded keywords, somebody's bidding for it. Like for Levoka brand keyword is there salt? People are bidding for it. Baby data dog is waiting for it. So how we can protect it, how we can like their insights I think would be very helpful. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[57:31]*: True, true. Yeah I think I've taken another half an hour from your side. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[57:38]*: That is okay. I just want I found your product very good and I really want to help you and maybe you know through you other people like me who have to do the manual work just to hunt for what people are writing, how they are performing, what news coming. So you have to be always on top if this brings the headlines to them. Cluster themes, what they're writing about. Say you can scan what 3 last 3 months content or div posted. You can put the recurring themes around what themes they are writing around. What are the core positioning proposition like how they are positioning it. Those kind of things I think should. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[58:27]*: Be very helpful for sure. All this feedback is really helpful and let me do this Karima. So probably let me just work a little bit. Sorry. Please. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[58:39]*: Sorry. Especially this organic contenting will help for companies where there's self serve where a developer or maybe you know a random person can go and do a subscription just say upspot Hair. Hrefs Hair. Yeah for that matter browse stack hair those kind of things there this is a game changer. Sorry, something. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[59:06]*: No, no, I was just saying that probably what I'll do is we'll just develop I'll take the transcripts of the call and kind of say work on these pointers that you have said and let me probably come back in a week or two and take feedback again from you on the basically a better ui more things incorporated for you and your team and would be really helpful and would appreciate if you can kind of act as a user and kind of validator and tell us anything that is required more in this Right. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[59:40]*: Sure, sure. Hope I have been helpful to you. No, no for sure to you. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[59:47]*: Definitely, definitely it has been and gives me insights into because you are not only like looking at so you are right now in Levo AI. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[59:58]*: Yes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[59:59]*: Okay. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[59:59]*: I'm acting as a consultant. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:00:02]*: Understood. Understood, understood. Got it. No best I think then you have multiple idea into like currently I am. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[01:00:10]*: Like I have recently taken a break from browser stack. Okay and currently I'm just consulting freelance consulting those kind of things. No full time job. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:00:28]*: No, no. That's really helpful. I'll probably bug you more right. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[01:00:32]*: And even I'm working on something like I'm working on content how to help other companies, you know build their content build their marketing organic growth from scratch. So like I'm working with a couple of folks on an agency where I mean I'm just telling you so that, I mean if you somebody who needs this is like with browser stack we have seen like I've worked there for four plus years and I have seen it grow like anything in terms of like we've built a content engine, we've scaled that engine where were producing close to 50 pieces every quarter then every month. We started from 30 pieces a month, 30 pieces quarter, then 30 pieces a month. From 30 pieces a month we moved to 250 pieces a month to 5300 pieces a month. So almost 10x in terms of volume. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[01:01:31]*: There were like two case studies written on us at Browse Stack like where were churning 1.5 million traffic. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:01:40]*: Oh God, that's very good. In B2B space. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[01:01:44]*: That's massive. Like RDA was also very good. Like it was very like I mean it was. We were targeting HubSpot. We were seeing HubSpot as our competitor in terms of HubSpot content marketing is like next level. Also were working on, I was working like were working on sales touch, were working how to improve self serve. So were tying revenue from the organic content and you would be surprised to know a lot of leads. 40% of the leads came from the blog itself. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:02:19]*: Wow, that's really good because yeah in our case I think lead magnets got us leads. But yeah it was not the most major because then we had to run apps etc. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[01:02:33]*: Pads run faster but when you don't have that kind of money. I think organic content is the classic thing because ads is something which is a very quick thing. You need to form your. You need to form the basis of your own audience. You need to educate people what you're working on especially when you're working on something which is pioneer. So this education comes primarily from the organic content. Now with Levo I am helping them solve a problem which is aog how content has to be transformed around that and since they are very new. So again starting from scratch I'm consulting like I'm acting as a consultant. It says there's a friend in the team. So I'm just acting as a consultant to them where they are like building it, building their content engine from zero. So earlier there was zero presents. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[01:03:25]*: I think from October, November, on November onwards they started building some presence online. Now we are just trying to scale to build a very robust system where they are everywhere and how they are dealing with the company competition because Rev was fairly a very small company as compared to competitors and browse tag was a big one, it's giant. It was like market leader. But Browsetech had a very big portfolio in terms of products. So those kind of things were there. GTM then how content, organic content can help go to market. Those kind of things I have helped with like because go to market from product side is different but content boost is always required to create a market base. So we've tried those kind of things. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[01:04:11]*: SEO, organic growth and once that is cracked, how to do a seat like how to put more CTAs, how to convert people, work on the pain points, create strategy for the next three months or so and get a better base of the business. Those things I've been working on. So if anybody who's in need of, you know, organic growth in terms of marketing, feel free to pitch my name. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:04:38]*: Sure, sure. And probably we'll only require it after a point so I'll get in touch with you on that also. But sure I'll definitely let anyone know. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[01:04:48]*: In a very core tech space like all the products, all the brands I've worked with are very core tech. I worked with the Manipal Pro Learn. I worked in edtech as well but not directly but I was working as a freelancer there the freelance consultant. So now I'm just working as a consultant. But yeah with I I have a fair share of B2B space seen B2 I think B2B is something which I have seen very closely B2B both in sales touch and in self serve. So sales touch may metrics change. Sales touch it is more like visibility and self serve it is more like your conversion. Those kind of things I'm working on currently I have been working on. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[01:05:38]*: So if any of your friends, anybody who's looking for you know, some guidance in terms of how to crack organic content and how to go for a content LED growth, feel free to share my contact. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:05:54]*: Sure thing. Sure thing. I'll do that for sure. And yeah let's stay connected and let's discuss and please any thoughts that come later on also. Right. Feel free to kind of ping me and let's meet soon. I think we'll probably redesign and add few other things that we discussed and which was part of the roadmap and then probably I'll walk you through and sooner or later I'll just ask you to probably use it also on a regular basis. Right. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[01:06:24]*: Sure. It was, it was a pleasure connecting with you Aditya. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:06:30]*: Same here. Same here. Thank you so much for taking our time and have a good day. 
**Garima Tiwari** *[01:06:36]*: Thank you. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:06:37]*: Thank you. 
