# Hareesh Nakkerthi and Aditya Raj Singh

**Meeting Date:** 18th Feb, 2026 - 10:00 PM

---

**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[16:38]*: Hi Aditya. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:43]*: Hey. Hi Arish. Hi, good evening. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[16:47]*: Good to connect. Could you establish a understanding first before I start? I saw that you were the CEO at Super AGI. Are you still there with Super AGI or you have completely moved out of this side project? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:01]*: No, no, I've completely moved out. Working on this new thing. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[17:07]*: Okay. So there was a few months back, less than actually 45 days back I was trying to get in touch with someone at Super AGI because there was a job opening for a senior product manager and I was, I'm still in the process of looking out so I was trying to connect because I live like 100 meters from Super AGI office, get in touch with someone. I reached out, sent LinkedIn request to a few people, the product team but no positive reply. So that's been stuck and I don't see the position open anymore I guess. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:42]*: Yeah, I think right now the hiring has frozen so but let me know in the future if it's required. I'll probably let them know that you're looking after. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[17:57]*: Yeah. Interested to know what you're working on now and how can I help? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:01]*: Yeah, so basically just a quick round of introduction like you know I was working at Super AGI prior to that I was working in consulting industry for fractal Learning X Analytics for close to 5 years serving clients like Google Lending Club et cetera and yeah graduated from IT Route 2016 and post which primarily I've been working in the field of AML for the last nine and a half years. And yeah right now me and my co founder we are trying to kind of build a competitive intelligence platform. So today competitive intelligence or say competitive information basically resides in silos. So the TA team will talent acquisition team will know about the hiring plans or the job openings about the different companies operators. Right. The sales team will have intel into why probably someone is choosing another customer. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:02]*: The CS team will know what is something that we are probably lacking when they're using the product versus or there's any price pricing issue. The product team will know the feature gap etc. Right. And again marketing will know the messaging changes. So what we're trying to do here is we are trying to kind of bring the that all basically in a single place and create a system of record of the different aspects of all the competitors that you want to track. Okay. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[19:33]*: All aspects, all functions wise operations, marketing, hr, sales, everything. Got it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:41]*: That's the larger vision we'll probably. So I'm right now entering different Personas and product managers are one of that so what I'm trying to understand is how basically how frequently do you look at competitors right. And if you do what are the things that you look at and probably what is the process around that. Right. So those are few things that are obviously top of the mind. I'll keep on asking. So yeah over to you a few. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[20:10]*: Questions before I start talking Aditya. So is there any specific industry or use case or is it digital only products that you are. Yeah, correct. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:23]*: So it's yeah we're focusing only on basically B2B SaaS. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[20:28]*: Oh okay. Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:30]*: So focusing only on that and yeah there are a lot of competitors in E commerce, space etc for comparing products, prices etc. But this is something that we're trying to do for people who are basically building the product right. Who are marketing it, who are selling it. So to help them know what competitors are up to. Right. So there will be obviously a. So right now I, I'm not sure how frequently companies track but at times what we do is we take a competitor, we see okay what is their messaging right? Are they mentioning this, what are the jargons that they're using. But after six months we are not always kind of seeing the drift. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:16]*: So the system of records basically kind of gives you that viewpoint like okay in the last one year from say starting from 2024 to 2026 today what has been the change in their messaging, in their features, integrations, partnerships. Right. So getting a view of that and then on top of this data sets are basically proprietary set of LLMs that we are kind of say if not fine tuning. We are kind of giving them Personas. We are creating that multi agent system where it will consume all this information and tie it back to predictive intel about the competitor. Like okay they are up to this. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[22:02]*: More and the source of information would be Aditya like is crowdsourced or how do you. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:08]*: This will be all publicly information. This will be basically outward looking information not the inside. Right now if requirements come we can always integrate with CRM and just that data also CRM and extra like internal tools. But yeah right now it's focused on publicly listed things like reviews are there right. Reviews across platforms etc. So yeah that kind of thing. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[22:32]*: Okay. Okay. Yeah so and I'll talk about how I have been consuming and planning things around this topic. So ours is a B2B SAS providing brand protection solutions where I the product manager for the last four years now. So again it's a function of space also there are many upcoming new age competition that we kind of realize one there are traditional setup companies that are there in the industries in the last 15, 20 years who are the market leaders from a revenue standpoint. So those companies are something that we have been tracking since the day I have been working in this space because the names are known primarily doing secondary research on the Internet. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[23:28]*: So these is a list of names around four to five of them are something that we keep a track of back of them regularly based on their news as well as media appearances as well as like configure RSS feeds. Again I'm talking all pre LLM era and I've been doing this in 2021. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:51]*: So okay, when you just joined the. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[23:54]*: Company right on figure RSS feeds on Google appearances of all these names and keep a track of them. These are the stable names that don't change. And then over the years what we also realized is many of the company names we have been hearing from our prospect customers that we are talking to because they are also out in the wild shopping. They are kind of talking to everyone. That is one way of we getting to know new names which are either caught attention of few customers or looks promising to the customer. Customers were vocal about it to us that is one source other sources the use case that is only is ban protection. Our brand protection is done can be done with different technologies per se. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[24:43]*: Something as simple as putting a QR code or an encrypted QR code or a watermark or a RFID or a patented invisible signature or something. That's what we do. So based on the different. So there is technology tracking that's happening. What is the technology that's evolving at a research level. Also we have a full fledged research team which kind of is looking into the research domain, the technical research domain. So based on that they. That is another source of competition that we get to know about with respect to any companies that are implementing and of course that now this is in the post LLM the post agent era. So that's what we. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[25:31]*: We have a list of around 25 companies now that we have configured using an N8N workflow to look for their appearances, their websites on certain parameters, new product releases, news as well as any. Yeah, all kinds of news with respect to any strategic acquisition or any partnerships or any new clients, awards, everything. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:57]*: So that this is all set up right now in your firm? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[26:00]*: Yeah, yeah. In an workflow that kind of triggers weekly we get a report in a Google Excel, a Google spreadsheet every Monday or Tuesday. So that. That. That way it's kind of again, we know what again the list of 25 is something that we have fixed and what parameters of them are we looking at? That's also something that we fixed based on understanding that we had over time from a product aspect. All of this including again product being the primary driver of the business here. All aspects with respect to employee growth, any new position hires as in any senior position hires, as well as what you call the sales partnerships, acquisitions, funding, everything is kind of. And of course the product features, product releases also. Right. And the use cases that are being solved. All of this. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[27:00]*: We have certain set of things or parameters that we are looking for in each of these 25 competitions that we're tracking. And how I did that was again workflow with the list being fixed, with the parameters being fixed, doing a web search, stitching the data together and feeding it into a Google worksheet. Google spreadsheet. That's what we've been doing now. Yeah. And this list also is something that we have expanded from. We started with two in 2021 we just had two names that we're tracking. Now it's reached 25. And that as I said the source of this is one customer. One are our product and sales doing a market research and then there's a research team who's doing the technical aspect based on the patent file or based on the papers published in that space and. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:52]*: Yeah, understood. So patent filing and. Yeah, that is very important for you. Right. To try. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[28:01]*: Ours is a very technology driven product and we have a patented product of ourselves. So that way it's heavy on the research side. Yeah. So papers come become very important for us. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:16]*: Got it, understood. And so any specific website that you look for papers, etc. Because that is. Yeah. So Archive X etc. Is that something that you use to keep track of? I. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[28:33]*: I wouldn't be aware of that. As I said, that's a research data science team that's kind of handling that part of it. Again see, we operate in the domain of steganography. Technography is a core technology that our solution is in. As I said, there are many other technologies that can be used to solve the same use case. So our main focus in steganography and then computer vision around it. Computer vision plus technography, object detection. This is where our main course is around. So we kind of the research kind of monitors that the names. Exactly. That's something that I can't help with everything. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:10]*: Got it. No, no issues. Okay. And so this basically you get the report every week. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[29:17]*: Yeah, yeah. This will be Configured yet. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:21]*: Okay. And you basically get it by every competitor. Like okay, what is the news that has been published? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[29:29]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:30]*: Okay. And by any chance like which team would do that? Like are you aware like who has set up that. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[29:38]*: My team. Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:40]*: Okay. Okay. Okay. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[29:43]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:44]*: Understood. Understood. And like what are the like major components? Like I'm just kind of trying to understand because we also have like we are trying to kind of encompass everything. I'm just trying to imagine like what probably we are missing. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[30:01]*: As I said sometime back starting with again any recent hires at a senior leadership level as well as any marketing campaigns that are being run, any new product release or new product features or either that are released or being spoken about coming in the future as well as any acquisitions or partnerships with universities or any labs and things like that. And also investment, of course, funding and investment and any new clients if you are able to. And apart from that, the demo, the number of employees, the revenue numbers. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:48]*: Revenue number. Is it available publicly? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[30:52]*: Again the LLMs are trying to do some triangulation with different sources and then come up with a number. Of course it's always questionable. It's not like. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:00]*: Right. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[31:00]*: But it's always relative. Right. Week on week or month on month changes. What is what we're looking at? We may not get the revenue numbers so updated every week. That's for sure. Every month also I'm 100 not they may not be updated as well as one more aspect is. Yeah the. The use cases that are trying to solve. On the marketing side the tracking that we are doing has been fairly. On the lower side we are of course tracking their website but not the content strategy or the messaging that they're trying to. We have. The marketing team is doing it independently. The sales team and marketing team again that way in my organization there is some separation of this research that's happening in let's say product as well as marketing side. Not. Not. Not really unified. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[31:59]*: But yeah, with your thing coming in that is something that can be unified also. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:05]*: Correct, Correct. Got it. And user reviews, do you also track that? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[32:09]*: No, we are not tracking user reviews. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:13]*: Okay but in your industry like I saw it, the product is listed on G2 and the computer is also there. So definitely people are speaking about the product there, right? The stakeholders. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[32:25]*: Yeah. Yeah. So again in my opinion what. Why we're not tracking that Aditya is. We are fairly still at a very early stage. So we are not really competing in a marketplace of such meaning. Our sales major contribution is happening through an outbound reach rather than an inbound that's our inbound leads are happening, but conversion is again through a human in the loop. So that way if we're not competing on par with the marketplace players that are there already, we're trying to get listed ourselves one of the marketplaces. Now suppose that yes, that is something that we'll have to. And other thing also is our solution is not typical B2B SaaS where you can, where a user can walk into the website, register, click, do a payment and then start using it. There is a certain process involved in our solution. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[33:36]*: There's a certain process involved where the CS or the account manager from our side or the brand person from the customer side has to come into a meeting and only then the sale happens and as well as the onboarding happens. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:54]*: Understood? Yes. No, for sure. I think so. Enterprises, what right now you serve, right? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[34:00]*: Yeah, we serve enterprises across the globe in the fmcg, automotive space. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:07]*: Got it. And all different. Different geographies. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[34:10]*: Yeah. North America, South America, Europe, India. This is where the clients are from. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:19]*: Understood. And so right now do you find it difficult like the product has to compete in all these different markets and is the like say competition different, are the players different and like subsequent probably features different? Right. Is that also something that you face on a day to day basis? And probably. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[34:42]*: Primary focus is on the North America as well as India. Middle east to an extent, but North America and India. So apart from that we do have clients in Latam as well as Europe also. So there are the big names that I told about the industry leaders. They are the ones that we usually get in class with when we're talking to a customer, meaning the customer is evaluating us versus them, the industry leaders. So one positive thing that we have on our side is from a. For the same use case, from a technological superiority or the brand protection, meaning security. Right. So the security aspect we rank, we hire the technology that we have built and it's a founder patented product under patented tech. So that way your stagger, you know. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[35:39]*: I mean I am, I'm able to. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[35:42]*: Yeah, yeah, no you are. You're audible but stuck. So I was thinking. Yeah. So that way from. We have established a technological superiority where the conversation when we compare our competition is easily one over bias. That is one thing. And with respect to regional specific things that you mentioned. So these are the names that come up in the western world, in Europe and North America, the industry leaders who are, who. Whose names are brought up in comparison to our solution. That is something that we are able to navigate by talking about how secure the technology is. Of course there have been drops where a customer was not really looking for high security but has a different use case. Right. That where those phases we have lost that to our competition. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[36:31]*: But otherwise india again there are a lot of simpler or very compromisable or a low secure technologies that are being used and packaged as brand protection there again and there are a lot of them india and this part of the world. So that is something that we have. We have specific companies that we track from here also. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:00]*: Understood. So there so in your report that you track so do you also kind of say check geography by like feature analysis and announcements and probably the social listing that you do so from competitors in different geographies. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[37:18]*: So the list that I mentioned of 25 names that we're tracking that is across Aditya. So our primary point of search of information is this 25 names. So that 25 as I said would belonging from different geographies. But to your question do we track the same company or different companies have releasing specific features or announcements or news in a specific region that we're not ex like looking for it exclusively but if it happens we do get that information. Yes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:56]*: What I wanted to understand is that a significant also say parameter that you have to look at? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[38:03]*: Not for us. There are no geographic specific things that the brands are doing unless they belong from the geography like the same brand that's there across multiple geographies are not really doing anything in a specific geography. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:19]*: Understood. Understood. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[38:21]*: Yeah but that would be relevant in the larger scheme of B2B SaaS. Given the data privacy regulatory rules. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:31]*: There will be a lot of. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[38:32]*: Again I was until now talking purely from where I am or where I'm working. But the latter cutting from B2B says yes, that is a valid point. That's something that you should be considering. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:46]*: Probably at different geographies. It will make sense when the competitors are different in different geographies. Right. And you want to tap into a market and then probably initially you might not have idea around that market. So that's when really this will help in go to market also initial go to market to understand the whole landscape like what they have been doing and what are they up to, what are the reviews saying about them? How can you position in that particular geography if you cluster the insights from this G2 etc. CAPTERA so since and just help me out here just to understand. So in your clients would be say B2C companies mostly yes, majorly B2Cs there. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[39:35]*: Are companies which are B2B as well. And there are some B2B2C as well, but majority is B2C. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:46]*: Okay, okay. Because I saw that use case for like the digital invisible mark on the chips, etc. And then you can scan and check whether that's actually. So that is one of the use cases, right? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[40:03]*: That is the primary use case, Aditya. So that, as I said, this is a brand protection. We are helping brands protect their brand equity in the physical products that they distribute in the market. That's our core and flagship offering. And how we do that is where the patent lies. We do it in an invisible fashion that the brand's packaging is not really disturbed on how it looks with respect to color or any need for additional physical space, etc. So that way it kind of is very unique in that space of brand protection. So what you see on the website, again, chips is one such thing. You said chips, right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:47]*: Yeah. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[40:50]*: That was only a representation. Any packaging that's there, where there's printing happening on a packaging, our solution can sit and it could be box. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:58]*: Yeah, for sure. Yeah. That's the use case that I saw. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[41:02]*: Yeah, That's a flagship offering that we have understood. Understood physical part. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:13]*: And so I'm just trying to kind of understand. So these 25 computers that you talked about, right? So all of them are say, relevant and they kind of say impact your revenue. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[41:30]*: No, of course not. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:31]*: And how easy is the change? Like I just want to understand the industry because I'm not very aware. So like, if you have a customer, how easy. What, what is the mode? How easy is for them to kind of say move out from your brand protection solution versus someone else's. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[41:52]*: The stickiness is what you're talking about, right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:53]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[41:55]*: The first question that you asked out of 25, of course not everybody's at a comparable level. We have different threat based on the use case. As I said, brand protection is there, but different companies have different use cases. So based on the use case, there are different brands that are at a higher threat to us or. Yeah, having said that. And also they're at a different scale with respect to. And the technology superiority is also at a different. Is it a varying scale? There are of course competition which are better than us from a technology point of view, but again would be relevant only for specific use cases. There are companies which are less technologically superior than our solution, but they fit into more use cases given the cost of it, given the. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[42:43]*: What do you call the less security is not really A problem for the branch and all of that. So that way there are different scale we in this exercise of tracking the 25 competition, trying to get information and how that feeds into the product strategy is something that we do internally after we kind of periodically gather this information and over time to understand the second question that you asked. Sorry, I missed the second question. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[43:13]*: So yeah, more or less. I think you answered second question was more around actually I got so many and I also missed it. That's. That's okay. So any. Anything right now in the infrastructure that you have built, anything that you see, probably something that is missing or something that you wish if you had more time because this is internal tracking tool that you have created something extra that you wanted, but due to time constraint or something else you could not kind of do. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[43:55]*: See one thing is we are also completely tracking the publicly available information only about these. And as I said, we are having a blinds with respect to looking at this 25 names. Again, as I said, the 25 names grew from two. So currently we are talking 25. So I think that discovery of new upcoming names, that's something that would help us like the unknown. Unknown. Like we don't know that a competition is being built. Right. So that is something that we are mostly in the dark until it hits our radar either as I said in the technical research side of the sales or the customer side. So that is one thing again, that is one thing that we are kind of missing out on, given that is a niche industry. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:48]*: No, for sure actually. So right now you're operating in four markets. What if in a fifth random market someone comes up with a patent or some technology that is like probably disrupting. Right. Something like what happened to Google. Right. With ChatGPT coming on the 4th. They never thought that directly. It didn't build a search engine. It was some substitute basically of that product. Right. And suddenly it came to the four. Yeah, true. No, I think valid point there. And so do you. Yeah, please go ahead if you have more. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[45:22]*: Another thing is I think the voice of customers or the voice of employees as well as the user reviews, which is there but we're not really consuming. That is again, yeah, voice of customers. And the other is pretty much that is something that I think we don't have access to. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:46]*: Understood, Understood. Okay, got it. And so right now if I say that if you can get that as a thread also. So you get it weekly once. Right. And in n basically say a Gemini or a Chat GP Deep research would take all that information, gather it and Then kind of automate it in a spreadsheet. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[46:12]*: Yes, yes, correct. You're right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:14]*: Okay. Okay. So if. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[46:17]*: Yeah, please go web search plus LLM on top of it and then. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:23]*: Got it. So what if, like, do you think it's valuable if you are able to kind of have a ticker feed of these different announcements that each competitor might be doing and basically say a news timeline. Right. Okay. This person from say X company posted this on social media. Right. They launched this page website. Because marketing team has to kind of know. Right. So do you think that this constant stream of information, will it be too much or do you think it might be valuable? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[47:07]*: Yeah, in my opinion that would be a little too much. I wouldn't want to use the word too much, but it is, I would say not all of it is consumable and necessary. I feel it is only there if I want to go back and spend some time. Rather a good thing would be to create an insight out of it and predict an impact of the news that you come across and stitch that together as a newsletter. Not. Yeah, a newsletter of sorts. That would be more impactful, I feel like, as in, you could be wrong with respect to. Let's say you're predicting something you heard, you came across the news and you are predicting based on all the Internet as well as your knowledge that you accumulate. This could be the reason what. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[47:58]*: What is happening, or this is what may happen, this is what may be coming, etc. That insight would be more actionable and consumable and more engagement can be generated with that, I feel. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:12]*: So what it means for the company. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[48:13]*: Basically, what it means for you, meaning if I am taking your product, what it means for me and my company that way, and factual information versus an insight. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:29]*: Not true? I think so, yeah. Probably we'll have to build that filtering layer on top of all the news that we're getting because definitely we'll be getting a lot of things. Right. So we'll be getting hiring updates, job postings. Yes, but it will be different. Different. What I initially I was thinking is that, yeah, it will be a constant ticker feed, so people might get overwhelmed. But just like it's something like probably shorts or something like that. Right. If you just open it once in the morning and see, okay, what. What happened yesterday, these. So instead of like, does it ever happen like that A weak delta can be massive. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[49:10]*: Not for us, not for our industry. So that is not a problem. A month in should also be okay. Having said that, I have one input with respect to how you're thinking. See competition and again this is my opinion. Competition analysis is something that in a high. In a fast moving setup or in a high growth organization or industry, the competition use is more checked more frequently. But in a relatively stable industry or relatively stable space, competition information is not some. Unless of course there are. There is a big information. Competition is not something that it's a constant or a daily focus point. So that way. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[50:05]*: That is the reason I'm saying a ticker would be a deterrent in adoption and would drive away people because that's not something that people are actually looking for on a hardly or a daily basis in a stable or not so much movement happening industries or spaces. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[50:28]*: Understood. So where I'm coming from is also probably say campaigns that they launch, right? Marketing campaigns. So email campaigns. What if they're targeting you just before Independence Day? So in that case you get that and then you can just probably launch a campaign in a day or two rather than probably having a customer tell you that okay, they are offering against for migration, they are offering six months free. Right. In that case you are on top of it rather than probably reactive or as and when your customer comes and tells you that they want to leave because of this. Right. And get to know. So in those cases it becomes really crunch. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[51:12]*: I agree, I agree. As I said, there will be big news. There will be things that you can ignore and live with being happy not knowing it also. So that's why it's like a metric that would help rate the importance of a news that could go as a ticker, not everything as a ticker because that's too much. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:32]*: Probably you can create a recommendation engine later on that's obviously far fetched where initially you'll get all the feeds if you tell it's helpful or not helpful basis that it'll try to kind of understand what. What exactly works for you and then like change it accordingly. Right. For you, like relevant things for you probably product launches is something that you are very interested in, right. So you will obviously kind of have a look at that. Any patent that is very important for you point of view. So those things are something from your profile or your Persona it can be. And from say a sales Persona, it can be something different. They. They post this customer, they kind of. So yeah, new partnership integration. Integration will be relevant for you probably. Right? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[52:23]*: Yes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[52:24]*: So the faster you know, the better. Yeah, but I think that will come later. But yeah. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[52:30]*: Right. One more thing I'm sure that you already are thinking about is the dis Something is like in what we discussed till now is something that your platform is pushing information to me. Right. But when I am wanting to look for some information a natural language based search or discovery that's something that I think it's already. You're considering it? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:02]*: We are thinking about it. I think we'll have to build it. So there's a competitor called Clue. It's already there in the market. They have two product lines basically. So they are basically two features that or two things that they are kind of showcasing or marketing about. So one is the research analyst. So it taps into your CRM and it sees all the threads that are there and then accordingly whenever you ask question it fetches that information via rag and then kind of summarizes and give you gives you that information and they have another module. So this research agent is basically something similar to what you are talking about. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:41]*: Just that initially were right now in the MVP we are not thinking about that but I think we can probably so executive summary will be there and it will also be for founders, CEOs etc. Right. So trying to build it multi Persona at the end of the day we'll start off with probably 12 Personas at the start to kind of at least give them real value. Right. Like sales intel around probably what the user are complaining about. They can use it as a pitch. Right. So that will be as simple as that. Then if a champion is moving from one company to another competitor again right. So that is there. So these kind of things will be relevant for probably a sales profile. So we'll have to see which profile we or two profiles we go after initially. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[54:34]*: But the larger plan is giving an exact level view and it should be available to everyone. It should be common knowledge. Why should onboarding also happen face to face over calls at least on the competition and landscape side. Right. Probably people should just get onboarded here on this part of the things like if they want to understand the industry etc like okay what are the competitors have been doing? Where are we with them? Right. JIO will also come general how many citations are there for your product versus their product? Where are you ranking? And that also will be part of it. So those will be important things. And then exact summaries where we can probably exec summary or yeah we can give a agent everywhere to kind of chat around with it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[55:25]*: And this is also something that is not there of the part of the mvp. But then again probably you can chat with a team member for marketing. Right. If they're launching this Product like this so small Slack for just for this. Or we can integrate it back to Slack. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[55:42]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[55:42]*: Or something similar where you can collate like you can chat around these insights Also it can be on our product and it can be linked back to our Slack or any managing tool for that matter. Right. I think there are use cases. Yeah It's a very broad thing that we are picking up. So right now we are just kind of trying to collect the system of records and trying to kind of get that intelligence to work in ways where probably we will fail. Because you can't go ahead and read probably a thousand Reddit posts where exactly the mention was there. Right. Does it offer anything? So we working with high radius for a poc. So there and I'll probably show you like few things that we are working on. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[56:34]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[56:36]*: And yeah just give me a second, let me pull it up. And just one last question before I show you and bias you. So any pricing or like is the pricing exposed in your case or it's under contract sales. I didn't get a chance to check. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[56:58]*: It as in pricing on our website. No it's not exposed. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[57:03]*: Okay. It's under contract safety. Yeah. So probably where the PLZ motion is more and the pricing is exposed. That's. That's also somewhere that we can understand. Okay. The tier shifts, right. What are the feature gating that they're doing in different tiers? Is it changing? Have we changed one small like feature from this tier to that tier? Those changes will also be there and then you can compare your own tier. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[57:31]*: Versus that tier and over time how they are changing. I think like that would be a really good addition with the system of record that you're building Aditya, which is like a research agent. I feel like that is where there is a gap. That is I had to set up an internal workflow. Yeah. So when I am looking for information I am currently reliant on the General LLMs Gemini or like and perfect. Perfect city. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[58:09]*: Right. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[58:09]*: If I have to do it myself. Again as I said. For a system to feed that information it's a good to have meaning. For a system to feed the competition information is a good to have but. But a must have I think is more on the lines of when. When I'm looking for something I am slightly lost respect to which sources should I look for, what else should I cover etc. So that's the reason I'm saying in addition to the system of records that you're thinking in the mvp a simple agent that can use that System of records and provide information and insights. That would be a huge value add again. I know, but yeah, that would drive a good adoption I feel in the first MVP release. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[59:10]*: No, I think fair point. I think that is. So there is some value to kind of creating a system of record and validating whether that data is correct also or not. Right. There is some definite value in that because you get to see the timeline across different. Different things. But at the same time if these different silo data points can be interpreted. So like in data analytics, data science, we used to do hypothesis testing, right? Okay. So this is a hypothesis if it can be backed with evidence from these data points. And the larger the number of evidences that you have supporting a hypothesis, the more probable is it latest support. It is probably going to happen. Right. So in that case it. It adds up. And then again the thing that were discussing, right. The marketing sales is doing computer intelligence in. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:00:06]*: In a different probably place where not always you have access to probably in some meetings you do share knowledge, but not always. And then again you seeing all those different data points marketing the same seeing all the data points that you are seeing and then synthesizing all those different hypothesis is little tricky for us as human beings. Actually that is little bit beyond us, right? That's where AI can probably like go through scrape so many things. Not just check Reddit, G2 LinkedIn. Right. So all these things and kind of try to form these hypothesis wherever it makes sense and it will basically back it by evidence. Okay. This is what happened. Hence I'm saying this is this right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:00:53]*: I think creating that kind of a thing and then letting the like the teams know like okay, this is probably what is going to happen if you want to kind of. So internal strategy is something that we are thinking probably whether we should. The third layer. Okay. So system of records, your predictive intel and then on top of that strategic recommendations to mitigate any risks that is coming out of that predictive intel. The third layer is probably where we are kind of right now on the edge. Whether we should go deep dive into that or probably let the teams interpret the information. Right. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:01:28]*: I think that can come later. I can follow once as you said, ensuring that the system of records is the right set of information. And then that's the major value add. I think the strategic investment, sorry, strategic insights part that can follow a little later. I feel. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:01:53]*: Just give me a second. We are already over time. It's okay, right? If we can continue. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:01:58]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:02:00]*: Okay. Just a moment. I'm just trying to Find that file quickly. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:02:07]*: I'll just go off camera. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:02:09]*: Yeah. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:02:38]*: You can. I mean I'm audible, right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:02:41]*: Yeah, you're audible. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:02:42]*: Yeah. Yeah, we can go ahead. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:02:50]*: Yeah, just a second. I'm just trying to find that other file. There are two different files. Yeah. Let me just share the version that I have. This is not the updated one though. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:03:27]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:03:28]*: Is my screen visible? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:03:30]*: Yes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:03:31]*: So initially were thinking more around pricing audit because there's no tool in the market for pricing sake. But then the TAM would reduce to only PLZ companies. Right. And so we thought of like the larger thing. But what we wanted to kind of do there is like say the team internally, it's not from a buyer Persona, it's from a builder Persona. Right. So you can try to understand, okay. Like if you're linear, like how does a 31 user team price you versus asana? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:04:07]*: Okay, so this is there. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:04:09]*: Then say how does your free tier look in comparison with linear Jira? There's no like tier for Asana. So in that case, where are you? What's the advantage? What is the restriction? Right. And then kind of just quantifying this tabular information in these cards and then user sentiment analysis across G2 Captera. All this. Right. And this can be kind of filtered up out by 90 days, 180 days, etc. This is. Yeah. Then comes this strategic recommendations around like say add SSO2 plus tier, raise it to 14. Now why is it saying that? It's saying because zero offers it at $8, this at 11. Right. And then it also gives you sentiment evidence like okay, 23% of the reviews they cited missing SSO as a reason for chat. Right. So something similar where you kind of give evidence based what to say recommendations or insights. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:05:21]*: Right. What evidence? So obviously like someone, the team would analyze this, the product team would analyze this probably. Right. But this is just a small thing inside so many things that they're offering. Right. So just to remember this fact that okay SSO is not there and then checking this also and understanding okay SSO has been cited as a reason for churn. So kind of what to say collating both the things and then probably giving this feedback or recommendation. Recommendation is something that we believe that AI will do wonders. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:06:00]*: Yeah. Yes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:06:02]*: So yeah, this is just the first draft. I not able to probably find the latest version. But yeah, it's something similar. So for high rads what we found out is like they are doing, they are probably going to launch AI product. Why? Because they hired eight ML engineers in last quarter, this data resides with ta, right. They file for a patent. This is with the legal team, abroad team. Right. Then they for AI patent basically. Then they acquired a startup. This might be common knowledge startup. And then I think there was one more thing. So yeah, it kind of took all these elements from different. Different probably spheres and then gave a confident basically inside that okay, they are probably launching this AI reconciliation product. Right. Because of these. These reasons. So yeah, that's. That's how we are thinking about it. Right? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:07:10]*: Yeah. The third leg that you mentioned that would be the key. That would be the major contribution in the competitive space, competitive intelligence space. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:07:24]*: The only thing is that we don't have information of how the internal strategy, how the internal teams are thinking about all these pointers. That is something that the LLM is not aware of. Right? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:07:38]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:07:39]*: Hence we are. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:07:42]*: That would be specific to industry as well as the stage of the company as well as. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:07:50]*: It will depend upon a lot of things like what are the goals that you have taken for the next quarter or the next year. Right. That LLM won't be. So it will just say that okay, SSO add it to this year. But probably it's something that they are strategically not done. Right. Thinking that okay, this will do X, Y for the company or whatever it might be, cost constraint or whatever it might be, integration problem with some partner. It can be multitude of reasons which the LLM might not know. It will just give you an outside in perspective. Hence we'll see whether that probably makes sense for a lot of companies or not. But I think the second layer till that for sure we are definitely doing right. The third layer is where we'll see. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:08:38]*: We'll probably again give insights and recommendations and ask people if it's helpful. Then very good. Otherwise yeah, probably not keep it as part of the product. Right? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:08:52]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:08:55]*: Yeah. So any thoughts, any suggestions on that? Like obviously I could not show you the larger thing that we are doing. So we are doing something called positioning drift. So the timeline of how positioning has changed for that one particular computer cross time. So that then the whole reviews thing that I told you. Right. Competition by competition and probably in what category. So ease to use is it good for your company versus that company? Right. So across reviews it will try to kind of filter out information and yeah, there will be more modules around that. Right. Any feedback, any suggestions on this? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:09:39]*: One thing is one size fits all. You know, competitive intelligence maybe difficult I feel given the different products that you would be tracking. Right. And also yeah, that should be a configurable aspect, I feel with respect to what do you. What are you looking for? What do you want to track? The configurability provided. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:10:14]*: Correct, correct. So I think we'll have to give some. Something sort of a workspace for a particular product because a lot of big companies, they'll have multiple products, multiple competitors in that space for that one particular product. So all this that I showed you and probably more should be contained in a workspace where you see, okay, this product line, these are the competitors. And then again I think probably we'll have to think about geography. So yeah, customization might be on the cards is something that definitely we want to avoid. Right. But let's see how it works out. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:10:52]*: One thing is you can start with again start with a few or one or a few and then slowly expand to different. Then configurable customizability can come into picture. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:11:06]*: Yeah, for sure. That's how like discovery will happen. I'm sure that you won't be able to build the perfect product. Probably most like flexible in the first go for sure. Right. And like is it by any chance possible for you to kind of just. If you can just what is probably mask the numbers etc. Just I want to see the format that you consume because I, I've been talking to a lot of people are not doing this and so just wanted to see like what are the different things that you're tracking for one particular computer? Probably the report that you have you can just probably mask or not Like. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:11:56]*: Right. Currently I'm at home, so. Open stuff. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:12:08]*: Because this is something that I think product manager at HackerRank he was doing. So he has created an AI agent which basically again fills in. Fills him up with information on a weekly basis before his weekly product meetings and then he again kind of he has set up that agent there in chat GPT. So that was also interesting. And this is the second time that I've seen and you have basically done it for the whole org. Right. So that's been more commendable. I think he was doing it for. Just for his personal use, like for his work. But. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:12:52]*: One second, let me. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:12:56]*: So I'm just thinking like there is a use case and there is a need for such a thing. Right? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:13:02]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:13:03]*: Now that you have created it, I'm just kind of trying to see. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:13:09]*: The. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:13:09]*: Problem is violated or not. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:13:13]*: I'm saying. Oh no, I don't have it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:13:47]*: No problem. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:13:48]*: No problem. Okay. Yeah. I don't have it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:14:03]*: No, that's okay. Completely fine. And thank you so much again for taking out time. Right. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:14:10]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:14:15]*: Yeah. So for sure probably I'll like once we have the report or some POC at least working prototype. I think probably I would like to run it by you also. Right. And you can probably advise them on anything that is missing or something that can be accurate. Right? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:14:34]*: Yeah, yeah sure. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:14:36]*: And you're based out of hsr. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:14:40]*: As in. I live in Korangla. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:14:42]*: Okay. Okay. My Office is an MG. No, I think Super AG. We have shifted our office to HSR right now. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:14:51]*: Oh, is it? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:14:52]*: I think IndyCube Indie Cube is where you must have seen it, right? 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:14:58]*: I've seen on maps only not on the website. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:15:03]*: Yeah, it was in the Indie Cube. I was there right now just like I think two months ago we have shifted to HSL again. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:15:12]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:15:14]*: You know what? Yeah. Would love to meet also probably one day. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:15:18]*: Yeah, sure. We can stay in touch. Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:15:23]*: Thank you so much. Yeah. Have a good day. And yeah please yeah just respond to the any question that I have probably later on. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:15:35]*: Yeah, yeah, sure. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:15:36]*: We'll do that. Have a good day. Bye. Thank you. 
**Hareesh Nakkerthi** *[01:15:39]*: Thanks. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:15:39]*: Bye. 
