# Harsh and Aditya Raj Singh

**Meeting Date:** 10th Feb, 2026 - 11:30 AM

---

**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[00:02]*: Hi Harsh. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:03]*: Good evening. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[00:04]*: Good morning. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:06]*: Yeah, how are you doing? 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[00:08]*: I'm doing good. Just give me two minutes, I'll show on the cam. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:12]*: Sure, sure, no problem. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[00:16]*: Yeah. So tell me about you Aditya. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:22]*: Yeah, so I'll just quickly introduce myself in the interest of time and then probably lay out the problem statement for you. So I'm Ayatraj Singh. I graduated from IIT Roorkee in 2016 post which primarily I've been working in the field of AIML for the last nine years. Recently I was the Chief Operating Officer at AI startup called Super AGI. We had scaled the revenue from 0 to 2 million and raised close to $14 million. And yeah, prior to that I was working with EXL and Fractal analytics as a consultant and work with clients like Google Lending Club assisting them in their data analytics and data science kind of programs. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[01:06]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:06]*: So currently I'm working on my new project which is based on competitor intelligence. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[01:14]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:14]*: And how can teams. So today competitor intelligence basically to an extent is siloed in different teams. So say sales will have insights into why probably someone didn't deal didn't go through. Right. Product will have the idea around feature gap more and marketing will have around the messaging and the landing pages etc. So what we are trying to do is we are trying to kind of bring it all in one platform so that the whole team can kind of probably consume the data and it can be interactive. And so one thing is like creating that system of record where you have that timestamped version of probably the positioning over the last 12 years. Right. The pricing changes, the tier changes, the integrations, the partnership landscape about all competitors. And in today's world where. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[02:13]*: I would. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:14]*: Say the competition like new startups are coming every day and the coding velocity has gone up because of plot code etc, Right. So the shipping speed is also very fast. So it's very becomes more important to track new like companies and existing companies like shipping, new features etc. So that's where we're trying to build primary Persona as in we have not identified like okay, this will be our first primary Persona. Hence I'm talking to product managers, I'm talking to product marketing managers, customer success people, sales people. So yeah, that's more or less about what we're trying to do. And yeah, happy to have you. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[02:56]*: Nice, thanks for that. I think that sets up the background for me. If any way I can contribute I would be happy. Right. So before I begin I even I can give a brief introduction about myself. So I'm also 2014 IIT Delhi graduate and instead of going for job I applied for CAT. So 2017 I graduated from CAT and then I'm in this domain. I started my career as a supply chain consultant and then over the time I decided that okay I would want to continue towards the product management which is, which was a new thing coming up in the market at the time. So I've been part of product management for close to six, seven years now. So even though I was consultant, I was sort of program management for program manager for one of my clients. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[03:52]*: And mostly my experience has been in supply chain. I would say supply chain and logistics. But if any way I can contribute I would be really happy. So let's coming to your project. Project. So I would say product you are working on, not project. Yeah, so yeah. So like this is like US focused or India focused. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:17]*: I think it, we have kept it's not geography specific right now because we have not got any like say any information like where should we go about. But we are trying to keep it more in say B2B SAS. Right. And kind of helping. So it is not from the buyer Persona where you, if you want to buy different SaaS products you go and compare. It's more from the other way around where the pricing teams, the product teams, the marketing teams, etc. They get a handle on all the things that the competitor is doing, whether it's G2 reviews or Captera, Gartner etc. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[04:51]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:52]*: So yeah we are kind of trying to bring them all one platform and then so that will be the system of records and then probably layer of strategic intelligence on probably what the other competitors are trying to do. So if they are hiring say AI MLM engineers, they are filing for patents, they are acquiring a startup in AI domain, then probably they are thinking of launching an AI module or AI product. Right. So all those things, the data right now the hiring data basically sits with the TA team, right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:22]*: So it's little scattered although there is communication but there's no one place and that's where AI can probably help and kind of say go deep in the net and all the search all the publicly listed information and try to come up with insights on what the computer might be up to and then probably basis that and our strategy recommend us also a few solutions around that. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[05:44]*: Right. So if I look at just based on what you said, so who would be the actual user of this? Right. So if it comes to that I believe the people who are in strategy, right. Who. So whether it is business strategy or a product strategy. So they would be the right Persona who would be willing to go for that particular product. So we do have a customer management platform with some sort of intelligence around that based on market publicly available information. I don't know if you know about Gainsight. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:26]*: Gainsight, yeah, I know about Gainsight, yes. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[06:29]*: Yeah. So Gainsight. So for Taboo we are using Gainsight, right? It's a customer management platform and there's some sort of competitive intelligence that comes based on the, based on the manual feed. I would say it's not automated. So let's say one of our customer in transportation management domain is. Tie, right. So if the salesperson go out, let's reach out to somebody and they figure out that I is also reaching out to these guys and then they do a sort of comparison analysis of what the user is looking for, what the particular business is looking for. Right. So then they log all those gaps within our product based on those findings in the gen site. But I believe that it's not an automotive process, it's more of manual thing that teams are doing. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[07:25]*: And one thing that becomes if you look at B2B plat B2C platform obviously their strategies is much more in market, right Open they share more information as compared to B2B platforms. So B2B platforms if you must have seen are mostly behind the paywall. All right. And if you want to access anything you have to go for the either their trial product, if they have they offer trial product first. First of all if they don't offer then only in the discovery calls with certain customer you get to feel that this is what they're going for. So at a high level the publicly available information can tell you about the high level thing the business might be going for. But at the execution level, what they are actually building, how is their feature performing? 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[08:23]*: Or let's say with this particular module, let's say one of the team, one of the company hired AIT AIML team, right? Let's say data annotators somebody 300 odd people. Somebody hired 300 odd data annotators. That means they are working on the training module, right? But which specific feature they are working that becomes a key thing somebody has to look out for. And that will only come in when you interact with these folks, when you interact with their B2B sales team. So let's say if you want to solve that problem, do you have some idea how you are going to go for that? Like only the filings and publicly available Information will be our source. So annual reports and quarterly report, these would be your go to thing. Let's say you want to offer market intelligence, then that would be your go to thing. True. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:25]*: So the second part of the problem that you said, right, which is not publicly say what are they exactly building. So I think that way we will be restricted to an extent because we can only. So we can just give like yeah, basically they're doing something in AI, probably not the exact pinpointed feature, but at times I feel that we don't get that intelligence also right now. Right? Yeah. So unless some customer talks to our CS or sales people and they happen to tell us, then only we take actions on top of that. Right. And if it does not come to us also, or it's not required in the CRM. So there are two types of obviously kind of say companies also, right. Mid market enterprise which have a proper CRM. Everything is logged, they have a rev ops team. Correct. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:13]*: But say for startups etc. That's not a norm. There is a lot of friction because there are so many deals that you have to run for. Right. People don't log and that communication gap is there. So I get your point. I think that will be difficult like getting to the exact nature of it. But then again signals like which were in silos, I think AI can kind of bring that together and at least give us some insightful like insights into what the computer might approve. And then again we have to kind of double down on it probably on ourselves. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[10:50]*: Understood. So let's say, I mean it's pretty valid actually, right? All the pointers are pretty much valid. And these are the real world scenarios that we also see. Right. So getting competitive intelligence, it's not easy to be honest specifically if something is behind a paywall. But what is your idea? I just want to know that. Do you want to keep it sector agnostic or will you not sector agnostic? Let me just rephrase. So do you want to take it sector by sector or how is it? Or do you want to focus one particular Persona and then take it forward? So just to double down on that one. So let's say we are talking about food tech india, right? So will you be starting your offering as a competitive platform where somebody can look for food tech, quick commerce or E commerce in general? 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[11:51]*: Or let's say one specific feature of one specific domain of E commerce, let's say reverse logistics. Right. Like the orders which are flowing back, written orders. So how are you thinking to Offer that. Just trying to understand. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:11]*: Yeah, so. So I think E commerce space is already. I think there are a lot of players. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[12:15]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:15]*: So I saw there's something called a company called Precinct and there are multiple other players which have already taken the market where you go there and you kind of compare. Okay, this person is giving me this product at this rate versus so Skyscanner for example. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[12:32]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:32]*: For flights etc. So it is kind of aggregating that data, giving that comparison tool. So I think that market, there are a lot of players, but I don't see something similar in probably B2B space. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[12:45]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:45]*: I get your point where the pricing will be opaque probably 70% of times, only 30% of time is where we can kind of give them value around set the tier changes, what are the features that they are getting in each tier. Right. So that will come up for 30% of PLG companies. But wherever there is enterprise Motion or sales Motion, there more or less it will be under the contact sales kind of say that class. So hence were not only just focusing on pricing, were also thinking of the positioning, the user reviews that are there on G2 Captera Gartner. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[13:20]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:20]*: How can we see like okay, in the last 90 days, how are your competitors performing with respect to you? 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[13:27]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:27]*: Because that is also an important metric because you need to have more social validation. So that's one part of it. Then what is the partnership landscape? Have they cracked some partner in a particular field that we never thought about, say for VCs it's at times it's very natural for companies to go to their own VCs and then tell them that, okay, please advocate my product to the whole portfolio of your whole of your portfolio, basically. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[13:53]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:54]*: So there are multiple other things also where probably it's not there in one place. And then messaging. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[14:00]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:00]*: So, so at the end of say 20, at the starting of 2025, XYZ Company, they were having this headline on their landing page and this was the positioning more or less. Now they have say. So were doing, we are doing a POC with high radius. So there we are kind of seeing that one of their competitors, they had I think AP Automation Platform at the beginning of 2025 and now they have shifted to Office of the CFO. So that's how they have just changed the positioning. So it's something that marketing teams track in their spreadsheets. Right. But it becomes stale. It's after a point you change the spreadsheet and the old data goes for a toss. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:43]*: So we Want to create that view where you can see okay, at this point they were doing this, now they are doing this and then this marketing intel compared combined with user like reviews that are there combined with your product gap. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[14:57]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:58]*: The features that they are offering versus us, it all kind of say probably gives us a different realm of possibility of insights, right? It all depends definitely on case to play. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[15:10]*: No, I definitely agree because that's a gap that currently exists because even we have team, right. I mentioned about gainsight. So that information will only be updated if somebody updates it. Right. So the dynamic nature is definitely not there and if it is automated that is definitely not there. So I see this as a gap. Probably one use case I can relate to it. So were thinking of going for E Signature workflow in our platform and when we had to do some competitive analysis of all the players which are available, it was pretty hard. I mean the exercise is still going on. Personally I have connected with six or seven providers as of now. So having understanding of the pricing, what is their core offering, how do they differentiate? It becomes difficult. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[16:12]*: If all of that would have been available at one place, I think it would have definitely cut short our time to market for the E Signature feature. So I agree in this sort of use case or this sort of gap I would say currently exists. But I'm more interested on how you are going to well, you know, position it. It's around like sectors or the workflows. Let's say I talked about E Signature, right. So it's if you look at it's a workflow, it's not an industry, it's not a sector. It's a workflow that sits on top of one particular sector. Let's say banking, right. Or let's say logistics. We have E Signature. Same goes for E Commerce as well. There is also Signature available, right. So if you're offering a competitive intelligence platform, how are you going to. These are like valid questions. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[17:10]*: So I'm coming from an outsider view so I just try to understand if you want to pitch this to us then how would you know, pitch it? Like will it be sector basis, workflow basis. Have you identified certain workflows where we can say we are offering competitive intelligence on let's say E Signature or let's say reverse logistics or let's say first mile, maybe round optimization, so these sort of things? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:40]*: No. So I think I have interacted for the first time with someone coming from this background. So like that is also I think thing that you said right there are multiple layers to which we can provide intelligence around. So initially were thinking so you have say four different components. Right. So I think that will be something that initially we'll have to customize where we pitch your say first mile against other players who are doing first mile. Right. And then give you a view around that. Then there can be a toggle where if you shift then you go to your say return orders etc. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[18:17]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:18]*: And how are people positioning their product versus how you are doing versus so it will be probably because this use case I think is coming multiple times and say high radius also has like around close to 50, 60 products. Right. And in that we are talking with them around the top three where they actually need real like say hand basically a lot of competitors are there and they want intel around that. So we'll have to kind of say customize it little bit in the start. Once we have say different industries, someone from each industry there, then I think it becomes a little easier to kind of envision the framework for that industry. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[18:59]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:00]*: And it can be kind of given to other people also. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[19:03]*: Right, Understood. So I, I may be wrong but high various is in fintech sector. Right? It's a different place. Yes. Okay. So that will become your first offering. Right. And I'm not sure about the competitor for Hydro. Would it be Stripe? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:26]*: No, it will be more like they have say AP Accounts Payable automation. Right. They have those kind of modules. Yeah, QuickBooks will. Will be but they operate more in the enterprise. QuickBooks SMBs also use. We used to use it previously for our US filings etc. So yeah, there are. There is black line that is an upcoming competitor for them. There's annaplan and now Anna Plan is working on multiple products which is not only in fintech now it will be also there. So yeah, there is definite complexity to it but I think we'll have to solve it. So it will be at a level of company and product. I think all the insights will be centered around a company and a product or say a component of your say full workflow. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[20:15]*: Right. Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:16]*: And so company obviously will be yours and then we'll just kind of say give you a toggle or probably create different views for different products. We'll still have to kind of brainstorm on that. Right now what we are focusing on is kind of creating a report that first makes sense whether we are able to fetch that data. Fetch definitely we can do. The thing is what data are we fetching? Is it validated? And then building on top of that to give you first set of insights which probably you might not have ever thought of because AI is able to look at so many different places. So that will be the first like say aha or the value moment that we are trying to give and then probably we'll try to prioritize it once we have multiple use cases. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[20:59]*: Understood. No, that makes sense. So if I understood correctly, so this competitive intelligence you will start with let's say if I have to pay for competitive intelligence then I have to pay for a particular company. Then I'll get to know the entire information about publicly available information about. Probably there will be one layer that AI maybe some agent will do around what the goal of the company is. Have it transition, let's say in last six months or one year. Right. And in line with that, whatever publicly available information can provide us or probably hiring information can provide us that this is what they are tilting towards. Probably a sort analysis of that particular company. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[21:45]*: And if I pay for that company competitive intelligence then there will be option for me to look at the and competitive analysis for the similar companies in the same domain. Correct. Then if I let's. Let's say want to look at QuickBooks then I should be able to pay for that and then have a competitive view. Okay, understood. No, that. That completely makes sense and I think Fintech is a great domain to begin with. I, I always curse myself that I didn't switch to Fintech when there was time. So I wish that would have happened. I could have Contributed More on FinTech with you. But that's a great domain to bring in. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:32]*: I think, I think we are right now not on. So Fintech is a very. My co founder, he was from High radius. So we kind of have people who we can talk to and we can pitch the POC and they agree to kind of discuss and get to it. Hence we start from there. It's not exactly. But Fintech also has a lot of competition so that is also true. Fintech, HR tech, these two like are the major say competitive spaces right now with a lot of startups like close to I think 7,8000 startups in FinTech and close to 4000 startups in HR tech. So definitely these are spaces where it makes more sense right now. But I think with AI and cloud code coming in, I think it's very important for everyone today. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[23:18]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:18]*: Otherwise another chat GPT moment will happen to what happened with Google. Right. They were blindsided by. They didn't knew that okay Chat GP might launch something that will take our Google Ads which they were totally not concerned about at all. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[23:32]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:33]*: So most cases will arrive again and again in the coming years and incumbent like Salesforce, etc, the whole market AI bubble is probably pricking at least if it's not popped. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[23:45]*: I really like you mentioned AI members because no one knows what's happens. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:52]*: I think it cycles. It is cycles. It has to happen, right? There will be euphoria, it's common humans, a pattern that has been observed. There will be euphoria, bad companies will go out and then new companies will again come up. So it's all cycles. We'll have to accept it as. And the timing, only timing. We'll just have to see as it plays out. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[24:12]*: Right? Definitely, definitely. I, I totally, I'm totally sold on that actually. So things will change. Things are changing. I see. And how does it impact you as an individual? That is also changing. So yeah, it's a, yeah it's a evolving thing. We have to look for that. Now coming back, you mentioned some PoC, so if you have some PoC that we can go through that would be great. Or let's say you want to book some, another slot, some sort of, you know, touch and feel if we want to have that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:47]*: So I'll just quickly show actually first I don't want to bias you. You have some time. We are almost like five minutes. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[24:57]*: Yeah, please. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:59]*: I, I wanted to ask few questions to you to understand a little bit more about so in your say market. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[25:05]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:05]*: So what exactly. If you can just explain what Turbo does. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[25:13]*: Correct. So we are a transportation and logistic management system. Right. And we operate predominantly in North America, us, Canada and Mexico. We do have some modules in Europe, some modules in Australia, but Primarily it is us I would say 95% we are in us and if you look at transportation management, you must have seen that supply chain chart, right. Of where something is manufactured, then it moves to warehouse, then this. So if you look at that particular chart just to just as a base that every moment there is a transfer of goods that happens and in return there is transfer of money that happens. Right. So that's where your account receivable and accounts pay will come into the picture. So we specifically operate in broker segment. Now what is a broker segment? 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[26:16]*: If I just have to give you a very, you know, raw example, let's say you have some goods you want to send it to. Let's say Mumbai. Where are you sitting right now? Sorry, I forgot to ask, sorry. Where are you place right now? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:33]*: Yeah, no, I have come back to India. I'm in Bangalore right now. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[26:37]*: You're in Bangalore. Let's say you want to move goods from Bangalore to Kolkata. Now you and you also want to move goods from Bangalore to let's say Delhi. Now you don't own any trucks, right? The way it works india, you will call some transported transporter saying hey, I have these goods. Give me a, tell me how much you're going to charge. The goods need to pick from here and needs to be dropped there based on pin code. They will give some pricing. Now imagine there are 10 or 20 carriers, transporters. You have to talk to all of them, right? Now when you talk to all of them, your time is wasted when you talk to them. And then you're also evaluating whether this is right price or not. So you have to go back and look at the historicals and do that. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[27:27]*: So if people have luxury of time, if you're a small shipper, those who ship goods, we call it shipper, then you can afford that sort of, you know, manual and operational and tedious process. But since, but in us the way it works is they want to more focus on scaling the operation, right? And if they are saving time, instead of doing this analysis, they are more than happy to give certain, you know, percentage to some other guy who will do all of this. Now that's where the broker comes in. So broker is sort of a, it's sort of a middleman between the guy who wants to ship the goods and the guy who actually owns the truck. Or maybe let's say reefer, probably refugee trucks. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[28:23]*: Now broker, what it does is so shipper says that hey, I want to move goods from A to B. It sends a, sends something to broker. Broker has an entire network of carriers and they have something known as load boards. Load board is nothing. But it's like shooting and broadcast saying that hey, A to B, I have to move goods on these date. How much would you charge? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:46]*: Right? 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[28:46]*: Then the people come back. Then the carriers come back, say hey, we will offer this and based on whatever best suits you. Obviously, cost wise, quality wise, insurance and all. There are certain other parameters. The broker takes a call on behalf of shipper and says that hey, we will move this for you based on this particular cost. Now that cost includes what carrier will be charged plus some margin that the broker will be having for themselves. Now this, in this case, the broker is the key chain between a shipper and a carrier. And our offering is for brokers so it's a very, I would say efficiency driven platform. And one of the key thing, very important in this entire operation is visibility. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:37]*: Right. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[29:37]*: So I'm handing over my goods to a middleman and then that middleman is having interaction with carriers. How I as a shipper should be getting visibility of what is happening with my goods, all the documentation and all right. If there are certain workflow that needs to be there, all those things are taken care by broker. So the shipper is focusing more on you know, warehouse management, production management or maybe if they're sourcing it for somebody, let's say drop shipping. Right. They focus on that instead of focusing on the execution part, the actual delivery part. So we have TMS in the broker segment. So we are offering 2 brokers who rely on more on automation and efficiency. And I know this is something we are doing right now, but I strongly believe our company will tilt towards shippers where a lot of money is there. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[30:37]*: So inventory module, demand planning and all those are the, I would say modules where a lot of money is there. With brokers we do have sort of flat charges and some sort of quota that comes in. But for each transaction, let's say that happened this entire transition, there would be limited transition if you reach that threshold, obviously we will be charging based on each transaction. So this is how this market operates and we, this is where we are placed broker center, tms. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:13]*: Got it. So basically during this whole logistic, if I just understood quickly, I'll just try to kind of summarize. So you have to send the product from here to here. There are multiple obviously options that you have. So the broker comes in here and helps facilitate this. And now for this broker you have built a tool where they can easily manage all of this, correct? 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[31:32]*: Exactly. Yes. Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:35]*: And who would be your competitors? 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[31:37]*: We have many actually. So there are some legacy competitors. So Oracle has an offering called E2 Open. Right. And there is a US specific broker centric TMS called Mercury Gate. There are few who are recently coming in like TIE is one, Ascend is one, Ajax is also there. So there are few have cropped up. There were few, I think they had to shut the shop during the downturn in the U.S. economy. Right. But yeah, there are a few competitors. We have like eight to 10 competitors. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:19]*: Understood. And you were saying something. Sorry, I cut you in between. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[32:26]*: Now I'm not sure what to say. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:29]*: Okay, so how got the understanding of this. So how do you right now kind of check on competitors and what do you look at and at what frequency? 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[32:40]*: Probably yeah. So for us as I mentioned. So TMS is a more of a laggard industry when it comes to technology adoption as compared to let's say any other industry, the E Commerce or fintech. Transportation will be always a legard because it's a physical economy. Right. Physical economy always lag behind in adopting the technology. Right. So if it comes to let's say having competitive insight on what a competitors are doing, one of the key touch point obviously it's the publicly available resources like videos. Then we have something called. There is by the way there is one major thing where we gain the competitive insight. It is from the trade shows. So US has something called free trade shows where all these different players, not just broker centric but shipper centric or carrier centric, these players go and they demo their product. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[33:47]*: So we have recently an event coming up in US called Manifest. It's in Las Vegas where you will be having your exhibition along with all the other tms. So that becomes one key source of insight. So they demo the product. Obviously what they will demo will be pleasing to the eyes and it will not, it will be sort of horizontal, not deep. Right. Saying we offer this but what all they are offering you have to go and visit their stall, gather that intelligence so that becomes a major source of competitive intelligence. Another source that we have is, let's say we reach out to any lead, right. When we reach out to that particular lead they will say hey, we are also evaluating this particular platform. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[34:35]*: And then the sales team will say hey, why don't just do a analysis of what Turbo is offering and what the competitor is offering. Right. When you do that analysis we get more insight on what they offer, what are the caps. So we get the first hand experience in rejection that this is what is not available within our platform. So that also becomes one source. Now others, other sources, the seminars these companies do, right. So one of our team member would go and join their seminar, right? These are like quarterly or halfway seminars just to look at what these guys are offering you. And these seminars actually are more beneficial because whatever new they are offering, it's available in those seminars. What are the key features they are going to share? Right. That becomes very important. So we joined those seminars as well. Yeah. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[35:40]*: Other than that I think LinkedIn is also one in one place where let's say somebody bitches about a particular product then it becomes an insight for us. And we use LinkedIn as a, I mean not india but in the US LinkedIn is used as a. As a feedback platform more for B2B SaaS product. I haven't seen a lot happening india around that. People are more focused on B2C but in US B2B feedback and insights are easily available on LinkedIn. That also becomes one of the landscape for us to gather information. So yeah, so these are the I think four, five areas from where we gather intelligence. Got it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:24]*: And like apart from probably seminar, everything is available on the web, right. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[36:31]*: Trade shows, you have to go and check. Unless somebody puts a video of trade show on the YouTube. Right. Which they do, but it's not detailed. Let's say if it's a 2D event you will probably get a video for 12 minutes or something. 12 to 15 minute video on YouTube. So trade shows are also very important. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:52]*: Got it. Understood. And what is the frequency that you have to look at from a product perspective? 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[36:58]*: So it's a means different things, different touch points have different frequencies. Or trade shows are generally quarterly. Right. Seminars are quarterly. But we do have so many players. Right. So you can say monthly we are getting some sort of intelligence from every player. LinkedIn publicly available information, their website offering. Right, those are. And also by the way there is something called help desk articles as well. So whatever new these guys release, they. They roll out the documentation and release notes as well. Right. So that is publicly available. You just have, it's just a behind a sign up one. So you have to sign up and that happens. That depends on the development cycle of each company. But generally you can say it's monthly or bimonthly, right? So yeah, bimonthly. And the leads part it's. It's like you can't predict that. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[38:00]*: So you get information from any leads about competitor that there is no. Yeah, it's irregular. There is no periodicity around it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:10]*: Got it. Understood. Understood. And for product launch do you kind of also look at other competitors, how they have launched a similar thing, what is their messaging and core differentiator etc? 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[38:24]*: Yeah, definitely we do it. So every year we start our product strategy from that actually. So we, so we all these input that the sales team collect. Right. This becomes insight for our product team now based on the capacity that we have every year we allocate some bandwidth to product strategy for having parity with our customers. Sorry, competitors. So like the E Signature feature I was talking about, it's a parity feature which is available in couple of customers. We would be I think third or third or fourth company to offer that so annually we do have a look obviously by the books if we say annually. But let's say something urgent came comes up, right. A big customer offering us 100k or 200k and they are saying hey, your competitor has this. I will only onboard if you get me this particular feature. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[39:28]*: Then we do the. We just tweak the strategy to include that as well. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:35]*: Understood. And the sales team also has to always look at it. The product marketing team also has to kind of say always keep a track of competitors, right? 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[39:44]*: Yes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:46]*: Where would be your customers be located? Like where do you find them? Directly in person is one way obviously. And digitally, where are they available? 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[39:57]*: We have, we have our own seminars. Right. So and other than seminars, we have something called road shows. So roadshows is a. It's like the sales team and the C suite team, they go and visit our customers and gather intelligence on our product is doing. If there is anything they have seen in other competitors they would like Turbo to offer. So roadshow is a roadshow. Happens every six months by the way. So it's typically they take flight by. Right. But they call it roadshow. So they reach out to customers and then they just have a feedback of the product and if there's something new that they would want or if there's something other competitor would have offered and that we don't have. So yeah, so we have roadshows as well. We have like enough connects. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[40:53]*: We, we do have regular connects with our big customers. So let's say something some customer used to. Now that customer has offloaded by the way. So that customer used to bring in 10 million ARR for us. So single biggest customer. So we used to have weekly interaction with them. There was a dedicated team. Right. And they used to come up with the use cases based on what their business feel like. Right. And what the competitors are not offering. If they're offering something, they would come back to us saying hey, this is what we have seen interesting in this computer. I think this would add value to your product as well. There are multiple ways to gather information. Somewhere we reach out somewhere we have partnerships where we connect regularly. And if let's say we don't connect regularly then we have seminars. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:51]*: Got it? Got it. Understood. Understood. Okay. I think we are almost 15 minutes away. I'll just quickly probably just try to give you a look and feel of how we are thinking about it. So this is a dummy data but so this is how it will. We are just kind of right now brainstorming. I Won't keep this as the exact thing but say 90 day. This is around positioning. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[42:20]*: Right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[42:20]*: So positioning. So it's written positioning. But yeah, we have other things also here. So ideally it will give you a ticker of what people are changing. Right. It might be probably say autonomous Finance to AI agent positioning. It will be probably a M and a sort of thing. Right. Or it might just be a minor update and partnership announcement basically. Right. Which comes up. So this can be one thing when there is pricing intelligence. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[42:51]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[42:52]*: So for the particular tier, how much is Black Line doing versus High Radius versus the word spay and intelligence around that. Then we'll have the hiring signals. Right. Like how many rules have been posted across the different what to say the departments. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[43:11]*: Correct. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[43:12]*: And accordingly, what are they doing then? Sentiment, deep dive around their reviews, etc. Right. How many in the last 80 days, how many reviews have you got versus your competitors on Captera? How much is it? What is the average rating and some important feedback which have come up or which are regularly coming up. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[43:33]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[43:34]*: So that kind of a thing. Then on the predictive intelligence side, like I said, right. So High Radius is creating an AI recon agent launch soon and the confidence that we'll try to kind of give a confidence also because not everything might be correct or not. But say they acquired the startup, right. They hired 8ml engineers. They have changed their messaging from Autonomous Finance to Autonomous Finance. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[43:59]*: Sorry. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:00]*: And they have filed a patent. So all of this kind of contributes to this. Then Black Line is facing pricing pressure, right. So they're putting on pricing pressure. Basically that's what it means. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[44:16]*: Why? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:17]*: Because three G2 reviews mentioned that they quoted 40% less than last year. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[44:21]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:22]*: And on Reddit also Partner channel complains about aggressive discounting revenue growth go down as per the filing. So these things we are trying to kind of create. So this is more like a predictive intel and then strategy around what we should do. We launch a black line migration program, capitalize on the 18 increase 34% dissatisfaction with the compared. So this kind of a module. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[44:51]*: So these. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:52]*: So all the other things are more or less if you see system of records that we never had. Right. So that if you are able to reliably kind of say get into one place and then as the LLM to kind of create predictive intelligence on what the next move might be and what should be our strategic recommendation. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[45:11]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:12]*: So yeah, just to give you a look and feel, this is how it looks. This is a rough. Basically this is not actual data. So we have Kind of curated some parts of it. But does this look interesting to you? 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[45:26]*: Yeah, it does. I was just looking for one more thing. I don't know if you have considered. So in the risk alert, have you included any. You know, obviously you would be including the development and all, but regulatory stuff if you were thinking that you would include as well. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:44]*: Yeah, yeah, regulatory stuff. Because in say healthcare, right. It's very important. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[45:48]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:49]*: I was talking to one of the consultants in healthcare industry from Deloitte and he was saying that pricing, they. They consult the end customer for pricing, etc, everything and they do it say at a frequency of six months. But sometimes if a new regulation comes and suddenly they'll have to change everything and all the previous analysis goes to waste, they have to engage them again and that again costs you dollars. So that is also one thing that we have. It's basically automated stream of alerts. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[46:25]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:26]*: And the consultancy to an extent or the frameworks we can use on the fly every time and it's not limited to once and then do it again next year sort of a thing. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[46:38]*: Right? Okay, sure. No, no, that definitely looks interesting. Right. Just one thing that I noticed. Let's say if I'm looking for IDDs, I'm also getting information on, let's say Blackline or other competitors. Right. Now, let's say if somebody wants to do it for Black Line, will it be. Will he be getting the same information? Because they have. No, it will be. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[47:03]*: So the POV will change. So the way we'll structure the agents is like basically from the POV of the company. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[47:10]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[47:11]*: So the insights might not be exactly same because LLM. Yeah, there are. In any case, if you ask the same question twice, there are differences. Right. So we'll change the POV according to the company. So if it's high radius versus others, the LLM agents, things will work differently versus when it's black line versus high radius. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[47:31]*: So the way you see your pool of information is same right. Across different companies and you are building the way of surfacing information would differ based on each company and that becomes very important because let's say if I want to do research for Black Line and I, I also want to do research for higher areas. But if I'm getting both the information in one view, why would a paper too. So hiding information. Right. Becomes very important in this case. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:01]*: No, no, true. I think that will also. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[48:04]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:04]*: Probably come up later once we start building it properly. Right. So. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[48:11]*: And have you just a thought, have you also considered Like TAM and all the market penetration and all those things. Right. So how do I say macroeconomic factors. Right. Have you also considered that you. I mean just a food for thought. I'm not saying that you should include it. Right. Let's say there is a player indian market called Apnamart. Right. Apnamart operates in tier 2 and tier 3. And their code differentiation is that only that they do not operate in tier one. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:54]*: So they. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[48:55]*: So here they are into physical store plus they are into online delivery as well, quick commerce. So instead of dark stores they have stores which offer delivery as well. So for them that's a key differentiator. But let's say if I have to build a case study around Upna Mart just for evaluation that how their growth is going to be. Right. Then having that understanding of the macroeconomic practice. Right. Saying that they have only. I don't know, I think 100 odd store. I'm just taking a random example. 100 all odd stores in 20 cities. But there are still, let's say 500 more cities where they can open the store. Then it becomes an indicator that there is potential growth that company can do. Right. So something around TAM and all. If you maybe just think about it, if we can improve that first writing it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[49:58]*: No, no, I think it's a valid point. Just that yeah, the numbers have to be really spot on. So probably we can see if we can get data around that from say a Gartner or research companies basically if they give out blogs we can kind of tap into that information and we can kind of try to see that for sure. Yeah, that also makes sense. We do have. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[50:17]*: I can recommend one platform that I follow. We have India Brand Equity Foundation. So ibef, if you look at it. So I think open source intelligence you can say there's a lot of consulting company contribute to it. It was built around showcasing the India story right to the world. That India still has so many sectors. It's at the sector level by the way. So India has so many sectors and these are the growth lever, these are the threats. So they do all the porter and sort analysis so that can become one. So that's free, by the way. Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[50:56]*: Okay. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[50:56]*: Yeah, you can. IB IDF no IP India Brand Equity Foundation. Okay, just have a look. I mean not, I'm not going to throw you off the track. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:12]*: But no, no. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[51:14]*: Whenever you are, it's on. Yeah. Whenever you have time, free time away from it. Just consider that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:21]*: Also I'm able to see the website. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[51:24]*: Yes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:24]*: Thank you so much. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[51:26]*: Yeah, perfect. Perfect. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:30]*: I think we are already out of time. Otherwise I would have to love to kind of extend the discussion for sure. But you have commitments I think today, right? 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[51:39]*: Yeah, Somebody just thinking me, I was just applying, but yeah. Great. Great talking to you, Ajit. Right. I really like the product. Right. Obviously there are. Obviously there will be certain iteration cycle that will happen. I'm. I'm just looking forward to it. It's come Compete. AI right. Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:59]*: We are thinking of the name right now because we might get some what to say wordmark basically because someone has taken that probably we'll have to rename it. But the name, we are still kind of sets in the blue right now. We went ahead with compete for the time being. But yeah, we have to probably rename it. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[52:22]*: Yeah. What's your execution timeline by the way? When are you launching, let's say first. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[52:27]*: So right now we are doing like say with design partners, so we are identifying them. So high radius is one. Definitely. And there is another Anna plan that we are talking to this week. So yeah, I think the first, second report, it will definitely be. It won't be chargeable. Right. First, if we give value to the people, then only it makes sense to do it recursively and in an automated fashion for a longer time. So yeah, just like seeing the response from the market and kind of trying to build it for these two companies first or probably anybody who wishes to kind of also come on board, definitely happy to kind of do that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:08]*: And similarly for Turbo, if you think this to an extent makes sense, please reach out to me and then probably we can have a larger discussion around what exactly do we need. And then we'll try to kind of collect the data sources, see what insights are we getting. And ideally it should better than what humans can do. So that is the hypothesis. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[53:29]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:29]*: We'll have. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[53:30]*: Yeah, definitely. Cool. Perfect. Yeah, nice discussion. I wish you all the very best and just ping me whenever you need any. I'm happy to help all this. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:42]*: Sure, sure you are. You're based out of. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[53:45]*: I'm based out of Noida, but I'm in Hyderabad right now. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:49]*: Okay. Okay. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[53:50]*: Okay, perfect. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:50]*: Yeah, no, definitely, if I happen to be in etc, probably I'll ping you. We can kind of meet also and then again I'll probably ping you for any questions or something or feedbacks. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[54:01]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[54:01]*: And in case, just discuss internally if you feel that, yeah, this is something that probably can help. We'll definitely would love to do a POC with Turbo also. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[54:12]*: Sure. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[54:13]*: Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you so much for taking out time. Have a good day. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[54:19]*: Yeah. Bye. Bye. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[54:21]*: Bye. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[54:21]*: Bye. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[54:21]*: Take care. 
**Harsh Kumar Singh** *[54:22]*: Take care. 
