# Lakshay and Aditya Raj Singh

**Meeting Date:** 8th Feb, 2026 - 3:30 PM

---

**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[00:00]*: No. Yes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:04]*: So you're based out now? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[00:06]*: I'm based on. Good girl. Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:09]*: Okay. I'm based out of Bangor right now. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[00:12]*: Oh nice. So just want to get a context of the call actually I was. Yeah. So you guys want to know, I. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:24]*: Mean so basically what we are trying to do. So I'll just quickly introduce myself and then introduce the problem statement that probably we are thinking of kind of double downing into. So yeah, I'm Hector Singh, I got it rookie in 2016 post which primarily I've been working in the field of AIML for the last nine, 10 years and so just in my previous stint I was the operating officer@super AGI. So it was a startup based in sales tech right. Where were creating AI agents to help the sales and marketing team and yeah, so I was part of that for close to four years and prior to that I was working with fractal analytics and EX analytics as a consultant for good five years I think and working with clients like Google Lending Club usa. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:20]*: So yeah these were the clients and it was all around anything data right from analytics to data science at that time to NLP etc. So yeah, recently I just parted way then I'm starting my own thing right now. So that's where I. So the problem statement that we thought probably makes sense is like pricing at times for PLG companies, product led growth companies. Right. At times it's not exposed and sorry, it's exposed as in it's exposed to the website. But there are a lot of changes that companies do which others don't know about. Right. So from that point basically we thought we can probably go into competitor and intelligence, something like that. And in that when we started digging deep we understood that companies today or say in the past have had competitor intelligence but very fragmented and siloed in different departments. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:23]*: So the sales and customer success would actually sales would know why the customer wants another product and not their product. Right. The customer success would know why our product is not working right now. Right. And what they might have experienced in the past what they're not getting right now. And the product team they kind of. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[02:46]*: Have. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:48]*: The whole say product launch etc. It all depends on also to an extent on how the other person is positioning. Right. The adoption etc will depend on that and then marketing team which has to obviously definitely look at all the different things that the other company is doing. So yeah, so these different Personas basically need some sort of a automated intelligence basically say ticker. So that was the initial thing right where we get drift of say positioning drift of their focus. It can be also in the realm of hiring. It can be relevant of the partnerships that the product basically has. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[03:31]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:31]*: So a lot of times what happened is our competitors would tie up with a particular partner which we were not aware of. And so that whole niche probably is somewhere we should have also targeted to get more partners. But probably that never occurred our mind. So one of our competitors, they had a very strong VC connect like a lot of VC companies used to recommend them. So were beyond the point. We understood that and went into it. But initially like off the bat, day one we didn't know that. Okay, that PCs also will probably help us in this distribution. We had discussed with our, basically the funding company that had funded us. So we had talked to them, but other people were doing a lot. So there are a lot of blind spots when you talk about competitors. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:25]*: So that's where we want to kind of step in and use any and every publicly information, publicly available information, right From Reddit to probably your G2 reviews to Captera, etc. Right. And pull it in a place to give you strategic insights on probably what the person is going to do more or less and how. What should be the good way forward for us also. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[04:54]*: Okay, so when you say product, I mean you guys are making a, I mean a tech product which will have license. I mean you're trying to gather insights on that part of it. Or by product you mean like the normal FMCG products like that? No, no. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:12]*: SaaS products. We're talking about SaaS products. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[05:14]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:15]*: So it's, we are limiting so because E commerce already has a lot of players who do this. It's not in the same manner like specific to E commerce use cases. They have a lot of. So you can do comparison across websites and all those things. Right. So if not similar. I didn't strike from there but when went into it we saw that E commerce was already very saturated and people are there. So hence we thought that SaaS is something that me and my co founder, we have personally seen this intelligence or say what was the messaging change across last year? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[05:53]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:53]*: So last Jan. What. What was the main headline then in March what was. So there's no timeline to. For us to also understand their transition et Right. So we just wanted to kind of bring it all in one place. So yeah, that's why I'm kind of trying to understand from as many people like what exactly do they look in a competitor. Right. When we talk about pricing, definitely pricing is A big thing at times companies don't have exposed pricing so we'll have to play both ways where pricing is anchor. But at times it won't be. So we could also have other hero features. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[06:35]*: Right. See the thing I know about SAS pricing is it's mostly divided into two ways. The license fees which is if you compare the CRM softwares like Salesforce or. So they basically have a list of license prices on their website. That is the base, right that upfront give the view to everyone. It's just when an individual company goes to them to buy that license, that's the time based on the volume they give a huge heavy discount. Which if you see a license price of let's say 130 on their website you might be getting $40 if you have that. That is the kind of variation we have seen in the SaaS based pricing. It's mostly the license cost is fairly transparent. It's just there are hidden costs like support and supervision which gets added at the later stage by the companies who are implementing it. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[07:37]*: The Companies usually portray SASbase pricing as a license only. What shift we have seen now is the pricing for AI which is usually based on the token based pricing. So that pricing idea currently no one has, I mean our company is also struggling how to price for that agent AI stuff right now we are currently pricing it as per transaction but there is no competitor analysis that we also have in terms of agent AI pricing right now. So in terms of see competitor analysis and SaaS pricing, I mean I actually what our company gets is from a consultant. I think BCG takes millions of dollars from us. They give a comparator list that these are the market leaders, these are the services they provide and this is the benchmark price for them that they usually give to their customers. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[08:41]*: Basis, this volumes, it's, it's divided into two part. One is the rate card that they give the IT rate card. Another is the license fees that they give. So if we are providing software as a service so we benchmark it like if we are giving, if you're implementing Salesforce for example for any company, so how much we should charge to them, that is something that they give us. So right now you're, I'm just trying to understand you're preparing a competitor benchmarking environment for companies. Like if they want some information like how much this product would sell for in the market, how much should they pitch? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:23]*: I think more basic I would say. Right. So it started off from where we would price our product so we'll go ahead to different competitors web pages, take snapshots, collate everything on a spreadsheet, right. So that's very manual and you don't get to see the updates. If they change say one feature from another tier to this tier, you won't understand that. Right. So just this basic thing was not solved. So hence we started off but then again we saw that a lot of companies don't expose pricing and it's hidden. Hidden via like behind the contact sales or basically no more pages. Right. So a lot of them don't just expose the pricing off bad off the bat. And it's one to one kind of conversation with each and every client. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:12]*: So hence we thought we should just kind of like take the purview farther so that it encompasses basically more or less most of the companies, right. And solves more solutions. Some of some are the more pain points for them in this realm. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[10:30]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:31]*: So if I give you an example, say Fireflies, right. So I was there are four plans there for Fireflies now Otter also has four plans. Some other company might have only three plans. So in any case you have today go to each one, take screenshot again, then compare, create a Excel or wherever document. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[10:54]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:55]*: So how were kind of just solving. The simple thing is we'll just take the most comparable tier, see within this dollar how what value are they giving versus what value you are giving, right. Where are you lacking? And so that will definitely be a one tab of the product, right? As simple as that. And then there can be other multiple things where say feature gap, there's a big market, a lot of competitors, probably someone gives something, someone does not give something. We kind of help just lay out all the different features that are there out there in the market and then for each competitor we map whether they have it or not. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[11:33]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:33]*: So that is another thing then user reviews on G2, etc. Right. For last 90 days. Like who is getting most reviews, what are they saying about them, etc. Etc. So all that intelligence basically one single platform. So pricing is one of the most important things there is wherever it's exposed, because it has the power to create a delta where at least startups or SMBs they are not able to focus and focus that much. Right. And they are not able to get that strategic advice from probably a KPMG or a PCG and it costs a lot. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:10]*: So basic things from the Playbooks and the blogs that are there, we Want to kind of collate and especially like I think the different matrices that the KPMGs and basically big fours they use, we can tell AI the same thing and it can be brought down to an affordable level where at least some sense of how we should be probably pricing the product messaging positioning can be like basically taken by the company and that too in a continuous way rather than just doing it one time. Right. They come once in a year or basically we call them once in a year for any consulting and then we go to them again next year. So this will be an ongoing process with data points changing every time something changes in the market. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[13:07]*: So okay, so if I understand your view, basically you want to create something for the end users where they if they have a requirement they can see what all features they can get and what price point they can get from different. Different vendors. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:24]*: Yeah. So that is buyer Persona you're saying I'm just going behind the like the team's Persona how they should price. What are my competitors pitching in the same. So I'm not going from the buyer side where I want to buy a SaaS product. Yeah. I'm going from the person who designs the product pricing etc messaging the marketing teams. Right. I'm going from their side to the basically yeah. Kind of catering to them rather than the buyer. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[13:55]*: Got it. See from my experience on the pricing this is the most problematic area of our whole process where we don't know what the other vendors are pricing and how they are pricing and pitching it to the end clients. The one way we solve this problem is through you know buying these reports from consultant. There are, there is one company called Everest. Okay. They actually publish a report every six months to the companies that buy from them. They take heavy fees and they create a tier wise benchmarking for different companies for different services. Like I am mostly priced for the services that genpact provides like fnaf, CRM and all. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[14:41]*: So they have a list of price points for different vendors like top 20 like they have like Accenture and TCS is pricing this particular service in this price point and the other vendors, the small vendors are pricing in this price point. Similarly for it McKinsey and BCG they take a lot of money from us and they publish the same report for the tech side of it. Like they have a rate card that TCS developer rate card is this TCS some if they provide a service to you manage service this is will this will be their price. This is how they give us the information. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[15:21]*: I have not seen such report for a SaaS based products actually because normally see we also buy these licenses from those company like if like Amazon Connect is currently the most sought after license or the product that companies are going for because it is giving a very huge agent AI productivity to them. So that license is actually very transparently there on their website. So every company knows how much it is for. It's just how much we will get it for. It's a different thing. So it's basically the end user discount I have in terms of competitor pricing. I would. I would say it will be very difficult to have it because it's very personal to them. I haven't seen any such. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[16:18]*: I'm sorry if I'm confusing because basically the problem that you have to collate everything the even the pricing I think it would be very difficult because that information is not readily available. I mean if it's. It would solve our problem. You're just doing this for the SaaS based pricing or. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:40]*: Right now yes. We are thinking like to focus on SaaS first not the B2C side more or less mostly I think we have arrived at that B2B only initially on that to SaaS we are thinking since there is a scope of pricing being exposed at time where there are product led growth products etc. Right. Whereas sales led is not the norm and at times there are markets where it is plg. So their pricing will definitely help us help the teams basically to understand what is going on. But I get your point. That is a fair concern that all the companies don't expose their pricing and it's not very easy to get that also. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[17:20]*: Right. And the way they do their pricing is also very different. Actually six months back I was giving an interview for Salesforce they in their pricing team so I had a connect with the person. I just wanted to understand how the way I currently do pricing and how they currently do pricing is what is the difference even if it matches my current profile. So they don't actually do any pricing. They they're see they have already prepared a license. They've already spent millions of dollars in developing a product so their capital expenditure is already spent for what they do now is if they get a requirement from any client basis how much volume they are going to buy. They decide a license price basis the features they want. So their pricing is actually not a very fixed kind of a structure. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[18:11]*: They change as per the client to change it as per the market. We have seen price if you ask for a license price sitting in US and asking a license price sitting india. It's not a straightaway currency change. It's very different in both the countries. So that's how they do the pricing. Everything is fixed. It's just the volume that changes and the feature that changes. And they don't even do market actually Salesforce being a very big player, they don't even do market analysis. They are actually not concerned with competition right now. So if there is any other CRM software they don't benchmark it. Other startups might do like yeah, actually. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:56]*: It is more relevant for the other way around. Yeah but yeah, I get your point. The only thing which comes to my mind is probably Google, right. Had they known that OpenAI was on their back, they were thinking of launching something like this. If they are hiring a lot of. I think we'll have to see what the signal was. But probably some hint of them going and launching out a chatbot which might end up like cannibalizing these guys main Google Ads basically. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[19:29]*: Right. Finally. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:31]*: So it is obviously yeah the big companies, I get your point And a lot of times people say that yeah, we'll just focus on the customer and we'll see. The only thing is today so many companies are coming out because people. It's becoming easy to probably develop a software or multiple headwinds are there and secondly the what to say the coding speed has improved so much. Right. So every other week there are new launches. So hence sometimes it's becomes paramount to just to know that okay, what is happening and you're not missing out on the main major like shifts. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[20:11]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:12]*: But yeah your point is valid and that has occurred to my mind also because we also used to price in our. In my old company. It would be a lot of times customer based. Right. If, if they are coming up with a proposal that okay, see these guys are giving me this much. So we'll say okay, we'll match it. Probably they might say okay last year were paying this much. We have improved. Like it has already gone up for us. We can't do this, we'll turn and we'll go to some other. Then again probably will counter off. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[20:43]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:45]*: So yeah, same. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[20:46]*: Same strategy is going on right now as well. It hasn't changed much. I think the only thing I think you are looking from a perspective a startup which is basically giving a CRM software how they can compare it to Salesforce, how they can price themselves, it's. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:04]*: More relevant at least if. If the open AI type of case does not happen then it's more relevant for the other players to follow the market leader. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[21:14]*: Yeah, right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:16]*: What they are doing. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[21:19]*: The pricing that open AI has shared is basically I've started a subscription based model for end users and I think it's. I. I think they have launched something for corporates or they are going to launch something but what they have done is basically subscription based model as of now. So I think most AI products if someone develops it also currently will go for that subscription based pricing only. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:47]*: And right now at genpact like your so your role is more into for each deal you have to create a pricing how does it work? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[21:57]*: So basically we get a requirement basically RFP or RFQ from the client basis that what the requirement they have the solution team prepares a kind of a solution which location, how many resources and all those things and give it to us. And then we prepare a pricing model basis that so I do financial service vertical. So I mostly get to do banks, insurance companies, fintech startups. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:26]*: And so basically you have to price the consulting that genpact is giving them, right? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[22:32]*: The service, any kind of service. Like if you're giving them a service for financial risk and crime management. So how many resources do they need with for the current volume, what location we will deliver from, at what price point we will deliver from and what type of billing model we will charge them. Like earlier it used to be the simple like you need 100 people. This is the price for one people into 100. That's your TCU. Now the whole last year whole world changed. They now started moving to a fixed fee model where we actually don't show how many people are working or how many people we are charging you for. We just give them a fixed fee. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[23:15]*: This is a fixed fee and we'll manage it for you so that the whole construct internally we create, we discuss it with everyone and then we present it to the client like this is the pricing is going to work. So now that whole model. That's what I said that's where we also struggle because we get five, six competitors from a bias perspective, from a seller perspective, we get five, six competition and everybody's pitching different price because every company has a different way of pricing. I have worked in two different companies. Both different companies are different way of doing the pricing. I mean I thought it will be same because pricing is pricing no matter where you go. But the three years where I worked previously when I joined genpact everything changed for me. Like it was like upside down shift. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[24:07]*: The way they are doing pricing the way my Previous company was doing the pricing and I, I have talked to a lot of people in Accenture tcs. They do the pricing very differently from where. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:18]*: So it's for the same thing. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[24:20]*: Same thing. Yeah. They made matrices are different. They approach one thing differently. They amortize cost differently and that's how they plan. I mean it's. They're coming to a same thing. They're coming to a price only but the way they're coming to the price is very different and that changes. Like if we are pricing and we are reaching $30,000, another company might see that cost differently and they are pricing it at $25,000. That different creates a lot of headwind for us during a deal cycle. So I'm not sure how they have pricing for differently. My view was it should be standardized. But yeah, we are also moving in a tool based pricing right now. So. Okay. Everything is going digital at our end also. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:08]*: Okay. So you will feed it into a tool and then that will help you kind of arrive at the pricing. If you don't like it then you'll tell okay, this is not matching or something like that. How does it work? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[25:21]*: The solution team which currently provides us manual inputs and we have to feed it into an Excel they will have. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:27]*: A. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[25:29]*: Solution team will get a platform, they will feed their inputs into that and we will get. Our platform is basically a model will get automatically created for us. It's basically currently what we do in Excel it's a replica of an online tool. So an online tool will match what we do in Excel. So that is under works. Our model is kind of a heavy. So they are saying that it will take around two, three years to do that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:58]*: Okay. Okay. And then this pricing document that you all create, it's more like an Excel file that you give or like it's a presentation that you have to give to it depends. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[26:11]*: So right now most of the pricings from the client end is led by consultants BCGS and Your McKinsey. They provide a client template basically asking for every minute detail. So we have to what our output is. We have to give it in a client format. So they basically get a view of everything that they ask for. Like what are trans. What transformation initiatives we are giving to them. What is the productivity that is arriving from it. If they don't take any initiative what productivity will be clawed back from that pricing. So everything is dependent on how they're asking for it. Otherwise view of monthly fees, that's how our view is. But mostly it's driven by client. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:59]*: Interesting. But what is the proxy that you use to arrive at productivity? Probably like product again that the con. The firm which is seeking consultancy will gain or loss. Right? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[27:11]*: Yes. So if a client is running a process, let's say in Australia with the 700 people and we are saying that we will ship that to India. So the first productivity benefit that they get is the chain in the working hours. Australia less number of working hours, 37 and a half per week. India basically has by long. By law it is around 1800 hours annually. So that is 45 hours per week that we can legally tell a person to work. So this creates a lot of productivity up front. Then we give tools to the client like APN in banking. APN is a very prominent tool which provides a good amount of productivity to them. They basically automates their a lot. There are a lot of tasks, complex stuff. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:05]*: Got it, got it. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[28:09]*: Sorry. The productivity is similar in IT side as well. So they also start like this, they also end like this. And I think this is what we will see in agentic pricing as well. That is as a new pricing era we are also learning about is basically they're saying that SaaS pricing will be overtaken by this agent AI pricing. Everybody will do this from now on. It will be a mix of license plus human age. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:41]*: Okay. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[28:42]*: Basically because nobody has any idea on how to price for agent, how to market for agentic clients. Also doesn't understand it. As of now it's a very new market for everyone. Like currently I think everybody is pricing as a token based pricing in AI. Like so token based pricing is something that end users don't understand. It's very complex for them. So in order to simplify for it either it will be a subscription or a transaction based pricing or a mix of it. So that is the area that I think every company is struggling right now. Even Accenture tcs because nobody knows how to price for it but they are pitching it to the client. So some, something is going to them. But the problem is that nobody's able to understand how that will happen. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[29:36]*: Like they're currently pitching either subscription fees or license fees or something like that to them. Just. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:46]*: Is it okay if we stretch for 5, 10 minutes more already over time? Just, just give me a second. I'm just bringing my charger. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[30:03]*: Just give me one second. My battery goes at 3%. Sorry. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:59]*: Am I audible? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[31:01]*: Yes, yes you're audible. Okay, perfect. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:06]*: So no, I got a hunch of like. So any specific thing that you saw which Is constant probably in the pricing mechanism of the firm that you are working previously and right now. KPMG also you were working on pricing itself. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[31:28]*: Now KPMG was financial due diligence. It was not pricing. It was just 10 months post college job that I left I my previous company and companies. So your question was? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:48]*: No, I just wanted to see like what are the common things and probably what frameworks do you use in pricing which you were saying that it was different in other companies like in your previous firm and other different companies have different frameworks. What are the names? Basically. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[32:07]*: Those frameworks see frameworks as in the. It's mostly from a financial view perspective. Like we. In my previous company we used to take decision on the EBITDA that we used to get in a deal like earning before interest, tax and depreciation. This company matrix is gross margin. Now the way that gets calculated is entirely different though both are in financial metrics almost similar. I mean gross margin is just inclusive of all the direct costs. But the way certain costs are treated in order to arrive at a price, very different. Like in my previous company we used to just have certain pricing assumptions for one particular year and we used to make pricing basis that in this company we take pricing assumptions for five or seven years of the deal and then we. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:36]*: Yeah, I think I got dropped off. Sorry, am I audible? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[33:40]*: Yes, yes, you're on. Yeah, so basically I was that the way that the pricing assumptions are taken. Like in my previous company it was basically one year assumption that we used to take and make our price point basis that in the company we take assumptions for the five or seven years depending upon the deal term and then we price for that. It creates a lot of difference because we assume that over the next few years we will know how to do things better and we will be able to do it with less number of resources or less costly resources. So that creates an impact in the pricing. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:21]*: So basically their cost based pricing will get impacted by the way they look at their financials, right? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[34:27]*: Yes, yes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:30]*: Understood, understood. Got it. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[34:34]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:36]*: And I'm just thinking, give me a second, let me just think of any other question that I had. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[34:43]*: So yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:47]*: So I was asking in any case like you also have to at times look at the competitors for pricing or every day everything. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[34:56]*: It's. It's a kind of a. See in the last competitor analysis was never done or hardly done over. I think it started recently very in the last one and a half or two years because every service provider out there has become very competitive and we started Losing on deals a lot. In the last one year Irwin ratio which was around 65% got to 5% which was like a lot of heads shifted. A lot of firing happened because of that. So process got added in our pricing that you have to do competitor analysis. The only data point that we have is the report that we get from Everest. Another bench is what we get from our sales team which 99% of the time is just a random number that they want so that they can get. They can basically sell to the client. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[36:02]*: So those are the only two benchmarks that we have. If, if you're looking from a product based company's perspective their benchmarking is entirely different. Economics also come into picture like price elasticity of the clients and how they view the pricing. They still do that 99, 199 kind of a price. We don't do visually appealing pricing. Our pricing looks very weird. It's like 21,349, 21,003, $65 whatever pricing that we have to arrive to achieve a certain margin that is at point. But product based pricing is still visually appealing to the clients that it's 99, it's 49. So this thing takes into account of that economics factor. A lot of people that have. They have in their pricing teams are actually from an economic background. Just because of this. I have been trying to get into Google for the last two, three years. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[37:11]*: Just their price for their services. It's just really hard to get in that company. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:20]*: Got it. No, that is interesting because I understand that yeah it's more around cost but the PLG companies of the SaaS companies, I think it's more because the traffic that they draw. Right. Because they want to convert a certain portion of the traffic. Whereas that one particular customer. Yes, that's where that psychology basically thinking about what people might do or might not do psychology that comes into play probably. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[37:49]*: Yes. They drive the traffic through that and then when. When they request for a quote that is the time they get the actual pricing. Which is. Which would be very different from what you see on their actual website. Yeah, that in works for basically Fresh. I think freshworks is a CRM software company. We were pitching that to one of our clients. The basically the client questioned us that the same thing that you are pitching us we are getting it at a very lower value from the same client freshworks. So freshworks to us was giving at a very let's say hundred dollar and they were pitching to the client same thing at maybe 75, $80. So we never Know how they do. That's, that's why I said they never, we would never know how they would price for it. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[38:46]*: We were both somehow were not able to sign an NTA with them and saw the name of the client and they went ahead and pasted behind our back. But we saw the stark difference. I mean 25% then pricing is very huge in terms of, you know, giving a price discount. 25% is a lot. True, true. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:14]*: That's yeah. Very different to what get your point there. Right. Let me I think quickly just show you, I think a report that we have tried to create. If you can just share your views there. So I'm not sure how close or how easily we can probably do something what Everest does. Right, but that was not the initial plan though. I'll just quickly show you. Yeah, so this was the initial. So what were thinking again, right. SaaS companies, linear, Jira, Sana, etc. So were thinking like okay, we'll try to see what is. It was all in the context of pricing. So initially like 10, 15 days ago, were just thinking that we'll go after only pricing because that is not served at all in today's market. But then the. Yeah again the problem that came is like not everybody exposes it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:15]*: So it's not a problem for all the companies. It's probably problem of companies which are having PLG tiers basically. Right. So if you see this is just an executive summary like tells us. So you can also. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[40:31]*: Yeah, I'm just either. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:37]*: Not able to. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[40:37]*: See my screen, just able to see the desktop. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:43]*: Just a moment. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[40:48]*: Yeah. Yes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:53]*: Okay. So this is Linear is a new what to say product and that we have pitched against Jira and Asana. So this is important for Linear Stream internal team basically. Right. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[41:04]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:05]*: So these are the different cards that. Okay, what is the positioning like where are we targeting etc, what is the user satisfaction for linear versus Jira, etc. This was all in the realm of pricing. Later on were thinking around other things also. But so this is as simple as like how many users if you go to this company versus this, how much is the delta? So it can be a buyer product also. Right. Where you want to compare. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[41:35]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:36]*: If my team uses so many users which is giving me the least amount but at the same time it can also be used by the product team of Linear to understand okay, how competitive are we at 25 users with respect to Gina, Jira and Asana. Right. And then there is. So basically everyone will Have a free tier. So we'll try to kind of just for free tier we'll try to compare each one of them feature wise like okay, unlimited members, project views, AI features etc. Right. So and we'll tell them also like okay this is the limitation like 250 user issue cap is there which is not in linear. It's unlimited issue cap issue limit. Yeah these two give unlimited issues but linear gives only 250. Right. So not only this, there are other tiers also. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[42:30]*: So what AI will do it will try to kind of combine everything into one bracket where from a user's perspective right. 14 to 16 and then what do you get in that right. And then missing features, unique advantages and competitive positioning. So yeah, this was one of the components of that. Then there's a user analysis and this was pricing specific feedback basically what are people talking about your pricing. Right. Like if they are saying that okay, it's refreshingly transparent at $8 per month it's cheaper than Gina 10x better. Right. So all these we'll try to. This is a rough like report which we're trying to see whether it adds value or not. And later on obviously we can work on it. And then there are strategic recommendations like add SSML SSO TR2 this 14 user plan. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[43:32]*: And then you can tag it and raise the plus tier price to this much. No feature changes. So these are the different kind of say recommendations on top of the pricing. Right. So any part of this probably does help your like the way you work. Does it make it easy? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[43:56]*: So this general thoughts utilized by the. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:02]*: Product teams. I would say yeah the product teams or the marketing teams work like finalizing the pricing for the product. So this is just a report but this will be basically transformed into a software where people can use and it will be more like a dashboard. This is just for our sake that we wanted to see if it is working out and we want to just conceptualize basically right now. Does any of this help if given to you or probably any of your friends in pricing that you might have. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[44:42]*: Seen or heard see the type of pricing that we do. I think this noire this report serve the purpose but just trying to understand asking the same question again. Who are your end users of this report? If the marketing and sales team of this company like the two linear let's. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:08]*: It can be any team. Okay. This is from the perspective of Linear Steam using it and their tiers being compared with Jira Asana which is the one of the leading Competitors, basically. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[45:23]*: So if their team is pricing for a similar product, so they can see that they're pricing for $140, but the competitors are pricing for 110 and 153. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:34]*: Correct. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[45:34]*: Correct. They're pricing to match for it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:39]*: Yeah. So this was the initial thing that I told you. Right. We were just trying to kind of create a calculator so that everything is one in one place rather than you going into a spreadsheet and kind of getting the same view. And then this is what we probably used more AI for. Right. Where we told it to specifically compare different price ranges together. Correct entry, professional, peer. And. And if there is no plan, not in this band. So it will say not in this band and it will just go ahead. But yeah, so this is one of the things that came up. So what Linear Team will do, they'll see, okay, my free tier, this is how I'm comparing. These are my advantages. This is my add parity limitations. Right. For this tier that we have, there's no competition. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:32]*: Sorry, we are not in this band and only Asana is in this band. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[46:35]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:36]*: They are kind of for some reason doing this. And then we can see what is the delta between the feature set here and then here. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[46:43]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:44]*: Asana is not in this band. So basically their third tier is little higher. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[46:49]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:49]*: For Asana, if you see and for these two, they are operating at $14, $15, $15 range. And Asana is doing it little higher. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[47:01]*: If you see. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[47:02]*: And for contact sales. Yeah, this is the, this is where the gap is, where not always you get a lot of things here. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[47:10]*: Right. I, I understood, see from an honest feedback. If I were in linear and I would have, I was responsible for pricing and revenue management, this report would serve the purpose as long pricing information is not accurate, but next to accurate. I mean, accuracy is something that we will never get because it's pricing is mostly internal for every company. But it's. It's very. Yeah, I think for them it would serve the purpose because their role is not just, you know, pricing for the product because that is something that is already done for them. They just have to adjust these license prices to achieve certain revenue and margin targets. So that's how they give that discount. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[47:59]*: So if linear is pricing for a product and they know, okay, this competitor is pricing 10% lower than us, and if we need to win the deal, let's just go ahead and match that and keep something in a leeway to give more discount. I think that very useful. If we have this kind of. Because from average that is very. I mean I would say we don't like it at. At all. It's mostly Excel. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:33]*: And any idea how does ever do it? They go to each customer or like how do they collect the data? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[48:42]*: Our understanding is they try to poach that data from different. Different companies employee because that is the data that they give us is internal, not readily available in the market. So the only way they can get it is either poaching from certain employees or asking the end what are you giving or what this company is billing you. That's the only way they can get. They don't. They very clearly say that this is something that we feel are the rates in the market. They're not giving any guarantee for it, but they take millions of dollars for it still. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[49:26]*: Millions of dollars. Got it. So what if we create probably a platform where customers can give it. That is also not something that customers will be willing to do. But yeah, we'll have to probably see the work around there because that is also important. I feel if we can at least get to that accuracy and we don't have to pay so much, then it becomes really easy. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[49:51]*: Right. See this platform available for everyone to use. That would create a lot of headway in the markets. See every contract has that claw bench that if a client finds a similar service in the market at a lesser price or the same, they can compel their existing vendor to match it or they will give them a notice of termination. So if something like is available to the clients, I think they will pay a lot of money for it because every in every three years or two to three years they do that benchmarking exercise from the market and those clients pay the same amount of money to average BCDs that we are paying. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[50:43]*: So the same say service, right? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[50:46]*: Yeah, yeah. So the same service is getting built to us also genpact also and the same client that would ultimately because both want how much selling in the market. So I think it's full for both end users as well as buyers and the sellers basically. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:08]*: And any idea how much does an Everest charge? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[51:13]*: No, that. That information is a bit above my pay grade. But what I, what we have heard is millions of dollars because in our own team only certain people have access to it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:26]*: So why not we kind of pay the user back, right? The user, they are collecting data from somewhere, right. I'm not sure if they're paying them or not. What if we create a place where they can come and post and it and they get paid also for that. But yeah, that's also. It depends on the company whether they would want such data to be out there in the public or not, right? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[51:52]*: Oh yeah, I think nobody would want that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:55]*: But then again it's out in the open, right? Somehow like from here or there they're also collating it. So I'm saying why not company make money off that data and probably we can just anonymize the company's name like okay, not this company exactly but some company in this fintech domain is doing getting this much right. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[52:18]*: See, I think the only the people who actually have a view of pricing. It's mostly the pricing team obviously and the sales and the market sales team and the customer client management team. They only have the view of pricing. I think. We can give that information. It would be a breach of contract for us. Sales and sales and customer client management team. They can do. They hardly care about. So they can do that for the money. Everest would be getting that. Because we also don't we also question the same thing. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:04]*: What's the name? Everest Pricing. Everest Group. This one? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[53:11]*: Yeah. Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:18]*: Okay. This one. Got it. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[53:23]*: How the companies are. They're. They're basically is. They are pricing consultants only. Okay. Go to them and ask that we need help in pricing and marketing our product. They will with obviously a lot of money. They will tell you that your current price point is way above the market standard. It will not work. It has to be something like these are the benchmarks of different companies. We have taken a lot of help and whenever we are entering any new location like when my previous company started in Egypt. So we them like what are the price points of different languages out of Egypt. So they told us the benchmarks were way off. I mean when we started selling the deals at their benchmarks, clients rejecting it. But still they. They said that this is the price point that other companies are selling. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[54:22]*: Your sales team is not capable enough to sell. That's not our problem. But this is. That is the benchmark out there. How they guys help us and they publish a report whoever asks from. So every company, even Accenture and TCS gets that if they ask for it, gets that report. It's a very port of every BPO service out there, right from contact center to your wealth management basic to more complex work. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[54:57]*: Okay. And your team would sit in the finance team only, right? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[55:03]*: We are part of pre sales team. Basically we our profile comes under finance but we are tagged because we are part of that whole process. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[55:16]*: So you will have margin targets, right? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[55:21]*: Yeah, we have guardrails that we cannot go below that while pricing for a deal. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[55:26]*: Okay. But your end motive is also to kind of get that pricing over the line. Like say you're given 10 pricing analysis or basically 10 pricing recommendations. You have to hit some margin like probably 30, 40% of your deals have to be one, something like that. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[55:47]*: We don't get a win or win target it when we price for it. We basically have to ensure certain things that we are meeting the benchmarks that we are provided for. Winning the deal is the KRA of the sales team. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[56:06]*: Okay. Okay. The benchmark that you along with probably the finance team have arrived at that has to be kept sanctum. And then that works, right? That's, that's all that we need to do from a pricing team perspective. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[56:19]*: Yes. See, basically we challenge the clients like if the client says the price is too high. So you have to tell our sales team that see, this is the benchmark of recently one day. This is something that is already going last 10 years and client is paying the price for it. This is your second benchmark. And the third benchmark is the average, the external benchmark that Everest also says that this is the market rate for this kind of service. So once we convince this, they convince the client that we are not high. You tell us who is giving you less, we will tell you how they are doing it. They are probably compromising quality you don't want. So that's how. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[57:02]*: So what are those three things that you compare on the same sort of deals that other. Like if you can just repeat. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[57:11]*: We basically the first benchmark is if we have recently priced for that same service plastic. And the second benchmark is if that service is already going on for some other client. So that is the second benchmark. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[57:26]*: So what is the difference between first and two? Both are sounding same. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[57:33]*: Up until 2020, the whole BP or the service industry was a buyer basically buyer industry. Whatever price we used to tell to the client, they used to. They don't used to, you know, negotiate on it. They just buy it because a huge labor arbitrage opportunity for them. They were doing the same things from us or Europe and were pitching low cost location india, Philippines and all. So any price point was attractive for them at that point of time. They have utilized that labor arbitrage opportunity and now the pushes to further reduce our cost. So the deals that were priced up until 2020 were sold at a very attractive rates. The rates we are not able to tell. So that, that's why that's the second Benchmark that see sometime at some point of time we had sold this. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[58:37]*: Okay, okay. So prior. Got it. Existing, existing prior and then Everest report. Right, okay, got it. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[58:49]*: What sales team goes for because they think they that is a benchmark that client will also have somehow if the client has given a huge RFP and it is running by this consultants like BCG and all, they would have their own benchmark which would match the severest benchmarks as well. Every sales person prefer external benchmarking reports. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[59:17]*: Got it. But nobody knows that is correct or not also, right? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[59:22]*: No, it's. No, we for once we know that I have worked in two different companies. I know the price points they provide for certain locations are not at all correct. Nobody can match that or sell those at price point. I know while when I first saw that, saw the report I knew that this price points are not what people are selling in the market. And few of my colleagues also have worked in different companies. They also agree. So that's why we have kept it as a third benchmark in our whole process. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[59:53]*: But it's very helpful in new markets, right. Where you don't have a basically internal benchmark or existing internal benchmark. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:00:03]*: Yeah see where we have no understanding or no view of how to price for something. What we, what companies used to usually do was see we internally need 30% margin. So let's price for 30% margin no matter what the cost is. So that's how the pricing decision used to happen. But now these companies have started giving us a detail benchmarks. So we put that for any service that we don't know what the price point is and then we match our internal base of that. So we have seen a lot of variants also in the new location or a new service. Like I think they are publishing a report very soon for agent as a service as well which has asked us them to give us a report. I don't know how they will do it, but I think they are working on it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:00:58]*: So right now in genpact all the services would have some element of some proportion of AI being used to serve it. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:01:05]*: Right. So that is compulsory right now. No, without that AI portion. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:01:13]*: And then that is where the problem for you is coming. How do you kind of take the impact of that and price it right. Or. Or does the like the previous. So you have went from person or license basically to fixed fees right now. Right. And then the ask from the customer when they say value based pricing is probably a mixture of both AI pricing and the previous pricing or who are totally new usage based pricing. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:01:48]*: So basically client are. We are pitching clients to move to one of the two models either fixed fee or transaction. The number of they give us the that we will bill and it will have a certain price. Now the AI portion that we consider in our pricing usually get baked in the price. So any product, we don't specifically charge it, we basically say that your year one price point let's say is $8 per transaction. From year two onwards we will put these five tools and it will start showing your productivity. So your year two price will be $6, year three $5. And that's how we give them a five or a seven year view. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:02:41]*: Okay, so you usually have to do it for five years at the stretch is it? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:02:45]*: It's seven years now. Yes, you used to do it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:02:50]*: Okay, so for seven years that company will be taking that same service from genpact itself. Right. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:02:57]*: And we give them a seven year view how much each year they will be paying us. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:03:02]*: Okay. Okay. And it gets renewed every year. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:03:06]*: It's usually a five year fixed plus one auto renewal. So that's how seven years currently working. So so after seven years they will. Or after five years they will again release an RFP or come to us for a renewal. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:03:23]*: Got it, Got it. Okay. And just to kind of quickly show you. So I was talking about this, right. The drift, etc. So like what is your competitor doing in the month of say Jan etc. So Blackline, one of the competitors is doing some update partnership with this high radius acquired close iq. They have changed the messaging from autonomous finance to AI agent positioning. So these kind of things that. So apart from pricing, like if we are talking about other things also then how many roles are probably open at different companies. So this would be the whole thing. Initially were just thinking of pricing. Right. Because that was something that was underserved. But that's what we also saw that a lot of pages are in contact sales. So for a lot of the time will reduce if we just go for pricing. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:04:17]*: Hence were thinking to make it more holistic here and give positioning drifts. So what is the strategy that we should probably have right. That is more wholesome this new one that we are thinking of and their user feedback, etc. Right. Not only around pricing, everything. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:04:35]*: Right. So basically come into competitor analysis report. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:04:41]*: Yeah, yeah. So initially were just thinking about pricing, but that's when we saw that yeah, the opaqueness of few pricing pages that is creating a problem so we thought why not package it with everything else and then probably try to sell it to the most of the companies and it is a little bit bigger time will be bigger. Right. And we can have a look. Does this look little bit helpful like. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:05:10]*: I mean yeah. From see I would suggest that if you would able to reach out to a person who is currently working let's say for Salesforce. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:05:25]*: Okay. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:05:26]*: Or even Google. Google also has their. Their pricing teams are usually designated by pricing and monetizing something like that. So they would have a better view of this report. See if I were. If I was in a startup for something then that page would be helpful because it for me during that pricing process. Because that pricing process usually you don't get a lot of time you have to send something out there. So at last minute you are looking for these kind of details to present it to your leaderships. So that view if I get it somewhere that would be very helpful. But exact feedback. I think people would have a better feedback of this page because they are the one who. Who are currently doing the pricing of those products. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:06:18]*: In my understanding their pricing is usually simple and this is the only information they look out for. Like how much price better is selling then what they do is in their tool. They just adjust the price and see what is the margin. The margin, their criteria. They go for it. That's a simple. The pricing is simple. Only the competitor analysis is difficult for them because they also don't know that's. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:06:44]*: Where you have to be spot on. Also know that competition is increasing. Right. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:06:48]*: Yes. They are the one who are responsible for their account margins and how much they are selling. So this is. This is very. This would be very useful for them. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:06:59]*: So probably in services companies also it might make sense. Right. But it has to be or only sales for you are saying Salesforce. I understood. Yeah. I'll definitely try to talk to them and probably Google. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:07:13]*: Right? Yeah. See that is those two. The com. Those two companies I was trying to get a job for two companies that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:07:22]*: Comes to mind similar companies similar. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:07:26]*: They. They would a better view. See I think everybody is looking out for competitor analysis in these days. Competition has increased a lot in service environment. There are new companies that are popping up. They are undercutting everybody in pricing on. That's how they are pitching it. So people would want also want to understand how they are getting what is this something that they are not as a feature or is it just they want to capture the market and how much how longer they can sustain at those price points. Because it has become very competitive. Pricing has become very competitive in the last one minute. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:08:13]*: So genpact would also have tools that they will be selling, right? Licenses when you said yes. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:08:21]*: So I think the biggest license, the biggest tool they will be selling or they are selling is that agentic AI for AP accounts payable. So that is the core business used to be a core business for them for the last 10. They developed an internal tool along with which works on Microsoft Azure I think. Okay, so that tool is ready. They have renamed it to match for this intake wave and now they're selling it as a service to the end times. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:09:00]*: So probably their team would have at least the form factor that we have followed right now. It will be helpful for that team, right? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:09:08]*: Yes, it would be helpful for that team. Right now their team is also struggling on how to price for it. They have. They have actually had consultants to help them how to price for it. I think they are using any external benchmark right now. Because what they are pitching to the client is see you used to give us 100 people. Now instead of 100 people we will give you this tool. And this tool is basically works on per transaction. You have. You have one transaction. You have 1.5 dollar rate per transaction. So people will go away. This tool will work for you. Any complex transaction if you have that will go to some human agent. But everything will this AI. So they have now I think they will be listing that as a service soon on their website as well. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:09:59]*: Similar to what we see for PRM softwares. I think that they will highlight it as an agent together service. It will have three components from what I know. First will be 100 done by those agentic agents. Second will be partial and third will be for more complex something like that. They will be doing something like that very soon. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:10:26]*: I think one last question since you come from the pricing background, right? When were also pricing our SaaS. So were thinking like how to. So I also. I was also reading a lot of articles etc and listening to pause podcasts. So what is your take on like how the pricing will evolve? So previously fundamentally that I know with limited knowledge that I have is cost based pricing. That that is the classical cost base, your value based. And what else was there? There were multiple two or three other types of pricing, right. And then again these pricings once you come up with like say consulting would be little bit of. It's always against what is the customer that is buying it. So the more number of hours that you bill is helpful for the consulting company but it's not helpful for the client. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:11:24]*: Yes, right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:11:25]*: Similarly. So they were always at odds. So given the new say tokens etc that are getting consumed. Right. And it's also very different in different products. The way token definitely will be consumed, the number of token etc can be optimized, not optimized. So how do you or when you see pricing around the board because you are looking at it a lot. So how do you think it will get impacted? Like will it become so in SaaS for example, it was per user per month for the longest time for a lot of products. Right now people have. So there's a tool called cursor for coding. Right. If I talk to it, that will be certain number of tokens. Then it will give an output that will be certain number of tokens and then the code that will generate. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:12:11]*: So all of this combined will be my cost. Right. So so that is proper usage based pricing like number of tokens. That is simpler also because it's only English to English now where there are little bit complex use cases where intelligence also there. But at the same time there is value to other things also. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:12:29]*: Right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:12:30]*: How do you think probably or any thoughts around this? Basically how will the pricing of the future look like? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:12:38]*: See when I started the pricing everything it was simple client, we want 100 license give us the price we used to give them. And the internal target used to be as well that you have to sell more people, you have to sell more license. Then in the last two years the client has started asking this. No, we don't want people and licenses from you. We want what value you can drive in our business and that's how you will charge us. We don't want people, we don't want people anymore. We want a price for a service. But how will you give us a value in that? So that's how it shifted to fixed fee and transaction based pricing. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:13:23]*: For the BPO side of it, the tech side of it used to be primarily rate cards and in managed service it used to be a fixed fee. Now client has client. No, no more are going for red card. They don't want red card anymore. This is what red card we don't. You are going to give us the service. Now you decide what is the price for it and charge us basis that. So now they're asking for a value basically. So the shift we have seen is client is asking more question on the productivity. The value gain share model is something that they have started. So in terms of SaaS see that area is still protected a bit because it was per license. Clients still prefer per license because ultimately there are people who are using IT areas. The areas which are dependent on usage. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:14:26]*: That's like primarily for a chatbot. Like for a chatbot it used to be a monthly license cost that if one agent is using a chatbot this will be the license call. But chatbot is usually dependent on the usage how much that shifted on per usage basis. But for a CRM software kind of thing, it's still on as of now. I am thinking that will also change. They will. They will start asking for a package service that we don't want anymore. We need how you will evolve our business and how will you charge us Tell us that. So now they have started asking for a you know, value in everything. It's just not about price. It's just more about value. I would say gain share will be the next thing. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:15:20]*: Like clients are usually not comfortable now something upfront they're saying that you give us the savings and you take something. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:15:31]*: A percentage. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:15:32]*: Yes. So that you are also liable to, you know, deliver it will that we have agreed to. So gain share is something that is going on in it in the last. It used to be there earlier as well. But there was no basis point of you know, value share or gain share mechanism. Client also used to understand it was risky for the vendors also because they would be putting upfront cost when the client would achieve savings. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:16:06]*: But right now tables have lived and stable stakes now to basically give that value. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:16:12]*: Now it's like okay, we will agree. We will do things for you and we will only recoup when you start saving and if then because some other. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:16:22]*: Computer will say that and they'll take the dealer. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:16:24]*: Yeah. Yes. And Accentures. I've already agreed to Accentures to you know, take deals from us and starting buying preferential shares of the clients. Oh that kind of a thing to you know, okay, we will partner with you. We. We will grow. You will grow with us. Nice. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:16:45]*: That is the next level. I I hadn't heard of that. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:16:48]*: That that's the first time we also seen it. I I were not even sure that allowed in the company law. They have started doing it like we will run and now the shift is from gc. Now the GCC model is also taking place. So the client in lieu of GCC model has asked for open book. Open your cost book for us. What cost heads are you charging? Are you charging for? So that everything is track. So we also know that we are not Getting overbuilt for something so that tomorrow we buy that IP from you. We can clients are even buying IP from I think for few of the products. A client requested that AP product that Gen Fat has developed. They said that we want to buy our I. We will use it for our. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:17:44]*: For our internal self only but we don't want to pay you monthly or per transaction fee. We want to pay you a lump sum. We will use it internally till the time comes. That's how it's very I would say messed up situation. Yeah it's what they're doing right now. They're just pitching agentic. Agentic. It's all words right now to be honest. They are just packaging the tools that they were already selling to the client with the new name. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:18:24]*: The messaging is different. Communication does that me. I think people have also started asking what is AI about it. Right? 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:18:31]*: Yes. The problem is the ROI right now. Companies have started selling the deal. They have huge pipelines, billions of dollars of pipelines. But the saddest part of it was the ROI was not. We have questions coming from the client that we are paying you $4 million for this AI and you are saving us only $5 million then what's the point? So it's very hard to explain that your initial cost will be very high. The value that you from them will be will come after five years. Yes. Your run rate savings will be high. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:19:11]*: So that's how convincing them on that is also very difficult. Yeah. And if somebody just comes and tells okay Mimi, I'll do it in second year then it becomes a problem for you. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:19:23]*: So till now the companies who are selling their products they're still in a you know safe zone for the next two, three years because their pricing is usually either per license or either going for usage based pricing wherever that is applicable goes to value share or something like that. They those companies financial would tank the very next. They're still on a safe zone right now. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:19:51]*: Yeah, basically Correct. Correct. That is very difficult to have like your full portfolio being on value share then you're dependent on the sum of your customers basically no true interesting times. Let's see the world heads and thank you so much Laksha. You just spent a lot of time with me. Thank you so much for sharing your insights if possible and if you can just make any introductions in that other SAS team also that you were talking about intrek. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:20:24]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:20:27]*: SAS team, your product, that agent AI product that genpact is kind of say building if you have any. Let's Say contact or any around pricing or probably in the product team or somewhere in the GTM team. Please just make an introduction. It will be just good to know like what of what help can probably this product be for them also. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:20:54]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:20:55]*: And, and yeah, I would love to stay connected with you and probably I'll have more questions. I'll just ping you whenever you have time. Please reply to that. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:21:06]*: No problem. I like to know what is going on in the market so that I'm updated. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:21:14]*: No, no, definitely. This is the time where we all have to be very on our toes. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:21:18]*: Right. Anything changes like tomorrow something will change. So we have to be in forefronts of it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:21:26]*: So we are basically as humans, we are fighting wars also randomly, every day. And then there's AI who will launch any kind of thing every other day. Right. I think last week only they launched a social network for agents. If you have happened to see that. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:21:46]*: No, that is. I think I have to read more. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:21:51]*: No, no, that is very interesting because they're talking about like okay, my human is giving me this kind of work. Is it ethical? And then they're discussing in between themselves. So someone created that AI agent social network and you can like assign your AI agent and tell it to go and log on there and they can chat. And then people started kind of taking that screenshot and posting it on Twitter, etc. So there another thread came up that humans are taking screenshots of this platform and showing it there. Then some agent suggested that let's have a system where we can talk and these guys don't understand. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:22:35]*: I think we have an intellectual war. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:22:39]*: I'm not sure if we are even equipped for that. They are too good actually, if you think about it just that hopefully we all will be in harmony and working towards the same goals rather than they thinking that okay, let's like annihilate the human race. They are of no use. They consume so much electricity and don't produce anything. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:23:03]*: Right. Terminator to happen in my timeline. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:23:08]*: Let's see. I think it's evolutionary biology in front of us. Right. And the fastest that we are seeing it like change. 
**Lakshay Bhatarah** *[01:23:17]*: Yeah. Yes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:23:21]*: Thank you again Laksh for taking out time and would love to kind of probably meet you also if I'm in Delhi or if you're in Bangalore someday, please let me know. We'll have a coffee, etc. Right. Thank you so much. Just see if you can make any introduction and yeah, few questions that I'll have. I'll just bring it over to you. Please answer them. In your free time and let me know if I can be also help of any help later. Right? Thank you so much, Lakshya. Have a good day. Bye. Take care. 
