# Manasa MM and Aditya Raj Singh

**Meeting Date:** 2nd Feb, 2026 - 5:00 PM

---

**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:00]*: I'm doing well. How about you? 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[00:02]*: I'm good, thank you. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:04]*: Thank you so much for taking out time. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[00:10]*: I'm glad to have. Glad that you reached to me. I'm happy. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:15]*: For sure. For sure. So just quickly I'll introduce myself and then I'll get down to the questions that I have. So I'm Ayat Singh and I was the chief operating officer at super AGI. Recently parted ways and we took the company from 0 to 2 million and prior to that I was working Premier. Primarily worked in the field of Data analytics and AI for the last 10 that I was also I was a consultant at Fracture and exl. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[00:48]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:49]*: Close to six years. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[00:50]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:51]*: Worked with clients like Google etc. So yeah, basically we are trying to kind of build a pricing intelligence tool. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[01:00]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:02]*: We have still not kind of cornered the TG right now. So we are just trying to kind of discuss and understand multiple viewpoints on like what are the basic deliverables that probably a pricing team has. Right. And what are the different steps there and how can we automate it? 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[01:22]*: Okay. Yeah, yeah. So briefly if I want to introduce about myself. So I've worked majorly in consulting for past six years where I've worked on synchron price, it's a enterprise as pricing platform and mostly I've worked with around 50 global customers all around in those six years. And yeah even I my previously work was in techm so even I was part of it because I was working in Synchronprise they wanted me there as a synchronprice consultant so I worked there as that and before that I was a Java developer when I joined my career. So that was regarding all the health and insurance domains. So overall there was change from technical side to business side. And this is more interesting and fascinating to interact with stakeholders, get to know everyday pain points and how to deal with them. Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:26]*: Correct. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[02:27]*: That's it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:29]*: Yeah. So like who would be a customers or like the vertical that you're working in? 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[02:36]*: Mostly manufacturing industries. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:39]*: Manufacturing? 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[02:40]*: Yeah, manufacturing mostly. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:42]*: This would be geography. India or us? 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[02:44]*: No us Europe, Japan, Australia and also APAC India. But India mostly the market is not that exposed or they're not ready to adopt for the AI changes that they want to. But there is a great exposure I would say because there are so many customers that we can just catch hold of them and get things done. We have a bigger market actually. But currently Europe is mainly focused to be frank, even US is kind of India where you see that people are little hesitant to change and they are systems to get integrated for the data exchange or anything else is actually bit legacy. So I think Europe is far more on par where we see, we can see them. They have a broader perspective on what they want to do and their systems are also great. Dealing with them is really good. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:39]*: Yeah, correct. European clients are busy what to say. Welcoming and yeah, times are. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[03:48]*: Yeah, especially in manufacturing I guess they are very good and they are into all this. They have good data set, they know what the competitive pricing has to be done and they have a separate system where they can get the competitive prices also. So yeah, Europe is well equipped in that manner. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:09]*: So just to understand a little bit more. So when we are saying pricing, we are talking about say the units that are manufactured out of these manufacturing hubs. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[04:19]*: No, we already have a base price. That unit price will already be there but they have to set up the base price in net price, mrp, all these things. So they have to come across the final price that they'll be selling. So there will be different type of prices anyway. First is the base price which they'll keep it in the SAP from SAP. If an item comes then you'll have a price that is set and then they want to price it for the market where they'll have distributor list pricing and dealer list pricing and then they'll come to the MRP including any discounts or net price. They'll apply some logics over there or promotional offers and then they'll. All this type of pricing is done pricing tool majorly. And they'll have a base price anyway for any particular new item existing SAP. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:08]*: Basically that is the cost of producing it. And on top of that. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[05:12]*: Yeah, so I'll define everything on SAP. It's just that we have to get the prices and all the item details from SAP to our systems. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:22]*: Yeah, the clients basically. So we have to do the pricing at all the different levels like the distributor pricing, the final MRP, etc. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[05:33]*: It depends on customers. It depends on customers sometimes. Mostly it is that they'll define all the prices over here so that it will be easier for them to check on the analytics part. Also like when you're doing pricing intelligence platform, you're not just setting the price, you're also seeing simulations, you also want to see analytics. So basic things, if you want to see simulations and all, it's better to have their history and it's better to define prices in the system so that they'll have more transparency and we can show more transparent prices so that they can take Proper decisions. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:07]*: Got it. And is this final pricing to say distributors to the end consumers and consumers obviously we get the mrp. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[06:15]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:16]*: The other layers also. Is it available publicly or. No? 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[06:21]*: It is, it is. I mean not to everyone else, but at least pricing team will handle all these things. Just for the pricing team. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:28]*: Yeah, understood. Because like what we are trying to do is we want to kind of get fetch the pricing from the different say websites. All the publicly listed things. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[06:39]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:40]*: Like say not only the price, pricing is one of the core elements but apart from that, probably the positioning. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[06:46]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:46]*: How are you messaging the campaigns. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[06:49]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:50]*: The user feedback probably about driving. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[06:53]*: Right, right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:54]*: Kind of giving that like an overall view of the business. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[07:00]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[07:01]*: Sense of pricing basically is what we are trying to kind of separate. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[07:04]*: Okay. Then it. It becomes like a end price. That is MrP is the one that will come into picture. I guess so as far as I understand MrP is the one. It's just like what you see in E commerce list of what are the prices that is available in different Amazon, Flipkart and all the other things. It is similar way. I. If I'm understanding it right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[07:26]*: We are not to go in the E commerce domain. We are trying. Initially our thesis was more around B2B SAS. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[07:33]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[07:35]*: Because a lot of times their tiers, they are product led a lot of times and their tiers are mentioned. Right, right, are mentioned. So there's a feature gap between say one product versus other. I am Fireflies this. Right. So I have author, I have multiple other things. Right. So what are the different features that they are offering at the same price point where I am not offering. So that kind of analysis. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[07:59]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[07:59]*: What were thinking the other thing can be probably something like a tool for you where it can help you kind of work. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[08:09]*: Right, right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[08:10]*: Is the other Persona we are looking at. That's why I'm. I'm kind of discussing and trying to understand the processes like can come up and help your team. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[08:21]*: Okay, great. Great. Yeah, I. I guess if I have to say, I mean if we are into a product and product is already there, which is implemented, then the second option wouldn't help much. But the first option is more of where it will be useful for the users, end users, business users who will actually take everyday decisions so that they can. I mean india, let's take India as an example, you don't get competitor prices very easily. It's just like people to people, person to person. You'll hear some number and then you'll just assume it and Then you'll price according to that. So your first option seems more clearer and apt for this industry. But which market are you trying to target and what is the domain, I mean industry that you're targeting? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:17]*: So industry, as I said, like B2B SaaS was our first go to team. Right. So that's something that we are trying to build on. And apart from that, the other route that we can take is probably build some for consultancy firms. Right. Where we offer the product to them and they can probably use that to better kind of serve the customer. End customers or end clients basically. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[09:41]*: Right, right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:42]*: These two are the two options more or less. So just wanted to kind of say understand a little bit about. So when you say manufacturing, is there any vertical that we're talking just for context, automobile or some automobile. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[09:53]*: Yeah, automobile and yeah, automobile. That, that is a wider market that's open for pricing I would say. And all these industries, cargo, all these things will also come into picture. But if you take some food industry and all, it's actually not that much in picture because you'll see more most of it in the Europe region. But adopting is might, it's a little complex if I have to say. But automobiles, you know, there are numbers, you can name the number. So automobile is the one that I have worked. So yeah, your plan is actually good working for, I mean helping consultants to work better maybe. There are very niche products where people can use for pricing. So because I worked in synchron with the synchron price, I did not have much exposure where I can explore other products. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[10:53]*: But yeah, I can now understand if I have to go to another company where let's say Deloitte or something and they want to do all this pricing, they'll anyway outsource any other products. So it's a great option to do that way. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:07]*: And like how does the process look? You obviously get into calls with the clients, right? So that is one. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[11:14]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:14]*: And are there any other stakeholders involved? 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[11:17]*: Yeah, I mean product owners, if they are, if you're a, if you're from a product team, of course you are involved. And then the stakeholders and stakeholders mainly it's like one pricing team they'll have and then the, I mean approvers, all the pricing approvers, they'll be involved and one the head of the person, these people will be involved in the discussion so that the pricing team just tells what is the day to day thing that they'll be doing and what are their pain points and then the approver will see, okay in what context or where I'll approve that will be his thing. The CEO obviously worries on the numbers. Revenue, sales, that's it. So that's how it works. But yeah, we get into all the complete details like what is the as is processing and what has to be done. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:05]*: Some of the pain points that you mentioned, like the approvers pain points or like the whole team's pain point, I. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[12:13]*: Mean see mostly they are doing in Excel. So it's a manual process which is very complex. Let's say 31st is revision day. Price revision has to happen and they have to work for continuously two, three days, just set an Excel and especially all these pricing consultants are very well versed with what they know here. But to implement that in the paper it actually takes time for them. So mostly all the platforms that we want to use should be like they have to reduce our time and it's good that we plan our future revisions so that you get time, I mean we get time to explore and see what are the numbers. So based on the numbers you can just do your work. Now pricing approvals, what are their conditions? 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[13:00]*: Is like let's say his limit is only to approve only for 5 lakhs or something. So if it is above that he needs some approval. Such things. And you can't just randomly change a part price randomly. So let's say it's a fast moving. Let's say my iPhone is already 1:30,000 and I can't increase it to 150 just like that. No. So and even the slow moving parts, just because they are slow moving, you can't just reduce the price just like that. They'll have some analysis done for that. They'll know the details and then they'll do their job. So any which way, only if, let's say I'm increasing my price until 2 lakhs, I can do it myself, I can approve it myself as a pricing analyst. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[13:46]*: And if it comes between 2 lakhs to 5 lakhs or 2 lakhs to 10 lakhs, then my approver comes into picture and if it is anything above that it will go to CEO. It's kind of that thing and maybe it differs. I mean some business have it this way, some business have it in another way. Let's say there is some product line, some other codes, marketing codes, there are segments that they'll have anyway so they want to price it according to that. So if it falls to this product, then I'll go for this. That's how they'll be Doing the pricing mostly. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:15]*: So the prices are refreshed every month basically, right? Every month, refresh? 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[14:20]*: No, it actually depends. Quarterly it will be done. Some people do it once a year, twice a year and mostly it is like quarterly. It depends if it is a fast moving, they don't want touch it. If it's slow moving or if there are some items that they want to improve, they'll just check the competitors and then they'll adjust the prices. It's not like you do it every month. No, because they'll take sections. Let's say there are some 5 lakh odd part numbers. You can't price every, each and everything quarterly. So they'll just take different product line to increase at different times. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:55]*: Okay, okay. And does inventory also play a role in this like slow moving? 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[15:01]*: So okay, yeah, of course, of course. I mean it is linked anyway. Whatever happens inventory after inventory, after having the base price, it comes to price and then you do the actual pricing and etc. But I, I don't think. But pricing platforms, usually we don't have inventory involved. That's what I have seen. Because maybe there is some inventory, other product and we get data from that and that data is used as input for this pricing. That's how it works. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:29]*: Okay, understood. And so the process would be. If I understood from our conversation. So the process will be something like your team will go on the Synchron app. Sorry, the solution, right. Try to fetch all the different prices for the different wholesalers, the distributors, etc. And accordingly you'll try to. You'll put it all on an Excel sheet and then for the four or five days you'll do the analysis and then probably recommend some changes or recommend the thing right on a slide. Is that how it works? 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[16:06]*: Okay, you're telling me how, you're asking me how we talk to stakeholders so that we can convince them or what are you trying to exactly? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:13]*: I'm just trying to ask the process. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[16:15]*: Like as a process? No, nothing like that. We, we as a. I mean, let's say there are business stakeholders will be doing. So we just do. As an implementation team or a consultant team, we'll just take all the data from them so that we set up the system so that it's ready for them to use. So what we do is we'll have all the data which is already in the system and they'll have sections to price it. So there they'll just check. Let's say there is some product line. Okay, let's say iPhone from The Apple and let's say MacBook is there. So for all these different sections, what is the. I'll have a defined formula, I'll have a different variable and I'll see. Okay, based on Apple users formula it should work how it works. What is the, what is the formula? 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[17:02]*: Okay, what are the values that you have given based on this value based on this variable? This is the price that it will come into. So that's what we show them because it's already, I mean it's AI built so it follows a pattern. So it just follows the algorithm where okay, if this is this, all my variables are there. I'll give you a answer and based on that answer I'll also have a business impact where my sales and other things are also shown like revenue. What it will be like my old cost was different and my old price was different. Now with the new cost there might be new price and what, how it will impact revenue, sales. That's what we show but it's mostly convincing the customer to understand this is the process, this is how you have to work. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[17:45]*: Because Excel they are used to, they're working already. So we want them not to use Excel and come into the system, do everything in the system. That's the key here. You don't, I mean if they don't want to, I mean let's say there is no data properly you can just a normal upload from the Excel and then just, you'll get all the details in the system and then they can start using the system. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:09]*: So basically setting up synchron for them and kind of helping them with the impact of revenue. How will it impact? Yeah, you'll give and then, and they'll. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[18:20]*: Also have options to change their formula. See what it is based on the simulation they can see. Okay, if I increase my margin by 1%, what will be the answer? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:29]*: 2% reduce or not? 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[18:31]*: Yes, yes. So they'll have a clear cut idea, okay what my simulation looks and they can have multiple scenarios. It's not like okay, I have one scenario I'll work only on for one that because mostly the customers would choose cost plus pricing. Nobody wants to do variable pricing because it's actually risky sometimes. So they don't want to do a trial and error. So we want them to come out of cost plus and try different other things because let's say a car, you don't have a same price for right mirror and the left mirror. So they are relatable prices. So you don't do the Same pricing for things. So we ask them okay, do relatable pricing, do different type of pricing. So that. And colors also you see the color, car color differs, prices also differs similarly. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[19:19]*: We ask them to, I mean try and see what are the different options they can price and what are the results. That's how we ask them to do. So mainly they'll be pricing also daily pricing they'll do. They can also do pricing revisions and then they can do future revisions also where they can see from the scenario based simulations what will be the result. And then yeah, accordingly. They'll change accordingly every year by year, every revision by revision. They'll also grow more. And that's how I mean it actually reduces a lot of manual work. To be frank. That's the most feedback that we have got. Yeah, yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:06]*: And any area that you still feel pro. So like were thinking more around probably building a product where as I told you right. Whatever is publicly available. So something like a messaging, something like user feedback on that review that pricing, etc. So is that also something that probably synchron tracks or is part of your kra? 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[20:30]*: Yeah, it's also there feedback is also a part of it feedback and taking all the feedback from all the different. I mean when you're doing a pricing you'll have dealers, distributors so you get feedback from distributors dealers also like whether this is whatever you thought was a fast moving. It's not fast moving the way you thought it. Such feedbacks are also given and then the prices can be changed that way also that's also included actually feedback quotations, different modules are already included. Yeah but it's not, I mean it's not that much rapidly used and this is a good opportunity and path to explore. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:11]*: Okay, okay, understood. And anything else that is on your mind which probably you can highlight so that. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[21:20]*: Yeah we have just mostly I'm in SaaS based systems when you have it like a global market and local market. So you. If you focus more on global market it becomes difficult when you want to implement it on the local market. So it's better to have a do where it's like basic example is taxes. The way it is handled here there it's totally different and the way they arrive at price and we arrive at price is totally different. So it's better to have a tool where it is a little not complex and very user friendly where you can make changes. Because mostly when we say global SaaS product the changes that you'll make it will affect globally. That's what will be there in our mind. So we don't want to make a lot of changes. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[22:10]*: So it's good to get the feedback and make it a little user friendly. That's the key here I would say and make it less complex. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:20]*: And the feedback, the ends, dealers or. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[22:24]*: The distributors in general the stakeholders that those who will be using the product it is but so let's say I come to you saying that my biryani is like this. Okay maybe I am from south so I will say some other biryani. You are from north, you'll come with Lucknow biryani. So there are two different types. So let's have a base biryani and then try and then if it is customizable, customize it in a way it's not affecting the core biryani and don't hard code it for a particular customer. That's actually affecting when you're trying to grow. I mean SaaS is not like you just do it today. One year it survives, two years it survives. After that if it is dying I don't think it makes sense. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[23:09]*: So it's better to have a co product and then see how easily it can be customizable to different local markets and then make it accessible and usable is what I feel mostly. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:23]*: And the feedback sharing also happens through the toolbar on the tool and then you all receive it on sync. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[23:31]*: Yeah. Based on the roles of course you'll have a different role. Role based access can be given. So based on that feedback is also taken care of. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:40]*: And what are the different modules for synchron? Like if you just can tell me because I've not seen the product. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[23:47]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:48]*: I don't think so. Like it's also accessible. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[23:51]*: No, it's not accessible. It's a niche product so they don't want to just put it around. Yeah, yeah. Mostly it is all firstly anything it will be parts. All the different type of parts and how do we handle the parts and then the pricing section comes and then feedback and also the admin roles thing. And if you want to configure something in the system like you just know, you just add some. Yes some phrases. Let's say it's already defined. Like let's say I want to add a setting with the name Aditya then it is just done in a simple terms. You don't have to go back and do it in the hard coded way. So it's. You'll already have the options to do it but you can do it in the system. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[24:40]*: So system configuration which is accessible only to admins where they can job some schedulers, some jobs so that it will be easy for them if something is not running and if something is some prices are not seen. Mostly you can just run it over. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:57]*: Pricing is finalized. The quotation is also sent via the tool only like the same tool or it's a different process? 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[25:04]*: No, no, it's a different process actually. The quotations and all are handled by pricing managers. So they'll just get a Excel or some PDF format that they want and then they'll get it done outside the system. But any want a downloadable option so they are using it from here. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:21]*: Understood. And the competitor pricing, like the dealership, like the competitors of the company and also the dealer pricing, everything is listed on synchron. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[25:31]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:33]*: From somewhere else. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[25:34]*: No, no. It's based on their data. I mean it depends on the customer. If they have the data about the customer, I mean competitors, they can load it all over in the system. And it's also Excel based. You can just upload it in the system and then try. It will be saved anyway. It's not like dynamic, it's a static one. Whenever you change it will get changed. You don't need a ERP system to get the competitor data. It's easier to do it in the system itself. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:06]*: But that data is not very easily available, right? It's not on the Internet, correct? 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[26:11]*: No, no, no. It's mostly the product. I mean all the teams that who will be working stakeholders will have all the idea and they'll have people to catch hold of all these prices. So it's an internal information, so we'll get it done somewhere. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:29]*: No, I think I asked most of the questions and yeah, thank you so much for taking out time. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[26:35]*: Yeah, no problem. Hope I answered. Hope it was clearer, not messier. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:40]*: No, no, for sure, for sure. I understood a lot of things because I didn't have exposure to manufacturing sector etc. It's very enlightening to understand like how does the whole pricing structure work and like the different components of probably your team takes care on a daily basis. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[27:00]*: Yeah, I'm glad you got to know a few things. Yeah. Even synchron price is mostly of B2B. It doesn't take care of B2C and all because it's complex and handling that in the SAS system is actually very complex. It's better with B2B. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:19]*: Can you just tell me like what is the price of synchron? Like usually what is the pricing like is it seed based? Is it basis pricing reports that you download or how is it price to the. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[27:35]*: It's a five year contract types where three years or five years contract basis. So implementation takes around six months or one year depends. And then they'll have a subscription for three years where they'll get all the product upgrades. So each and every quarter they'll have. If there is any new release that includes their changes or normally they'll have a subscription where for three years it will be there. After three years or five years contract they can actually renew the product. I mean subscription for one year, two years, depends how they want to do it. It's not report based or something. It's just that you take the modules. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:16]*: Whichever you want and then pricing feedback. Right. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[28:22]*: So yeah. So yeah. And also they have this. I mean just like power bi. They have insights kind of thing. So even for that you have to take another thing. And there are different type of pricing like complex pricing things. So if you want them you'll have to pay extra. That's how it works. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:42]*: And in tech Mahindra, are there other pricing teams also? Like since you are working in the manufacturing segment using synchron. Right. The pricing teams also in tech Mahindra, like other verticals, other industries. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[28:56]*: No, I mean it's not only manufacturing. We also have other things like food industries. We have. That's. That's. I don't see anyone else. I don't know much because we are currently going through this and we also have other parallel projects. It's not just synchron price, it's a part of it. It's like some customers need some training on synchron price or doing something. So that's how they take help of tech and people and get the things done. Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:27]*: Thank you so much. More or less. I got my questions answered. Just in case there's something that comes on my mind. I'll just ping you probably whenever you have time. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[29:37]*: Sure, sure. Happy to help. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:40]*: Thank you so much. And yeah, thanks. Thanks for taking your time on a Monday. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[29:45]*: Yeah, no problem. And all the very best. Good luck. Let me know when you are done with something and then you come up with something. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:54]*: For sure. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[29:56]*: I'll be happy to celebrate it for sure. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:59]*: I'll probably send it over to you for testing also if not in manufacturing, if it's something a different domain also I'll probably just send it over to you just for trial. Right? 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[30:12]*: Sure, sure. Yeah. Very nice meeting you. Talking to you. Yeah. Great ideas I would say. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:20]*: Thank you so much. Thank you so much. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[30:22]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:22]*: Okay. Have a good day. Bye. 
**Manasa Maragiri** *[30:25]*: Take care. Bye. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:26]*: Take care. 
