# Mohamed Affan J  and Aditya Raj Singh

**Meeting Date:** 9th Feb, 2026 - 6:00 PM

---

**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:34]*: Hello, Muhammad. Good evening. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[17:46]*: Hi. Hi. I forgot to join the box. I didn't. Yeah, yeah, it positively. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:54]*: Yeah, no issues. No issues. Thanks so much for joining the call. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[17:58]*: Yeah, that's. That shouldn't be a problem. Yeah, yeah, anything. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:03]*: Hey. Hi. You're based out of Bangalore? 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[18:06]*: Yeah, I am from Bangalore, but current. But I do currently live in my hometown. I just came like nearly back. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:13]*: Okay, okay, perfect. So just to quickly introduce myself, I am AJ Singh. I have a cumulative experience of around nine and a half years in aiml. And previously I was working as a chief operating officer at a AI company called super AGI. We were into the sales marketing tech basically. Right. We were building AI agents for them and yeah, we managed to scale the business to more than $2 million and also we had raised close to 14 million. Prior to that I was working with EX analytics and Fractal analytics as a consultant, consulting firms like Google Etc, Google Lending Club. These were my clients and we worked in the space of data analytics, data science for them. Right? 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[19:07]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:07]*: So recently I have basically started my own venture where we are trying to kind of bridge the gap between what competitors are changing and how we kind of do the checks. Right. So basically if I just. In simpler terms it would be like we always have to in this market where startups are increasing, where the pricing, the coding, etc. Right. That is if becoming faster. So in that case product releases are faster, the marketing around is faster, the pivots are faster, new entrants are coming left, right, center, right. So hence we are trying to build a competitive intelligence tool where we help the product marketing and product teams, marketing teams, the sales team, etc. With competitive intelligence. And how we want to do that is basically say if there's a product which is your competitor, it has its messaging, right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:14]*: The main headline on the website, the case studies that it is showing the partner that it is basically interacting with the integrations that it's doing, the product launcher, etc. Right. The hiring that it is doing. So all these aspects are basically something that in today's market everybody probably should be aware of like how the other parties, what are they planning basically. Right. Because there's so many things going on. What is that clear use case that can come up. Right. It can probably occur to someone else how fast we also adopt and kind of get that into our product so that we don't lose market share. So yeah, that's more or less about what we're trying to build. Okay, happy to take any questions and what I Wanted from you is to understand like do you look at competitors? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:03]*: If yes, then what is the frequency etc. If you can just let me know. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[21:09]*: Yeah. First of all, just to clear out what was the competitive analysis you find from the competitive website and you mentioned some other things as well. What was that? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:20]*: Can you just repeat the question? Didn't get the question. Exactly. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[21:23]*: You are building AI product a complete analysis for product marketing and marketing teams and so on. So things basically what it does is if I'm into a product of healthcare it what my competitors healthcare provides in terms of marketing terms and so on. So key selling points to their customer and so will they be extracted through website and so things. And I just need to you. I just need you to brief about your product itself. I just need to get a certain insight about your product. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:57]*: Okay. Okay. So right now we have not built the entire thing. We are creating reports and testing whether AI can be of help here. Right. Where it can go and basically track say there are different product. When you buy a product there are multiple price ranges in which any product is. Right. There are T hertz, there are feature gates, etc. So what our system will do it will take basically it will keep a system of records of the changes that have happened in the pricing tier, in the messaging, in the user feedback that we have received on G2 Captera, etc. Right. And then help any company kind of understand okay, how are we doing in terms of like say reviews say generative AI recommendations. Right. With respect to our competitors. Yeah, there are multiple facets to it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:51]*: That's why I'm kind of interviewing a lot of people and yeah wanted to kind of talk to and discuss to you about your pain points. Right. Which you have and yeah, if we can kind of say help solve that. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[23:03]*: Yeah. Does that. Yeah, yeah it does clarify. Just. Just give me a moment. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:09]*: Sure, sure. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[23:20]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:21]*: Yeah. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[23:22]*: Basically my approach is and let me introduce first of all I am myself I come. I. I'm a graduated of BBA in a 22 password from 88 to city or you can say three or three cities itself and then moving from to city called Chennai. There I worked in a service pay college as a startup there. There I worked nearly 2 years as a business analysis and then 1.5 years is a product owner and then I recently moved to one organization called WiFi which is a fintech based company where there I work as a product manager which comes into under like nearly 3.5 years of experience into products and building a product. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[24:07]*: You can Say it and I currently left the organization for like nearly eight months I met with an accident that caused me nearly like five months of bit rest and I'm actually doing file at the current setup. Then I moved to from Chennai to Bangalore and there I've been. I've been working with an ACT which is an institute there I am learning as AI product management Apart from that I've been working for a net tech company I'm a building. I'm building a product for them as well like for product manager itself they provide a product manager course I I just came up with an idea first organization was ideation technology system where they were EHL company has a ideation district they wanted to build an institute for new upcoming graduates college graduate which doesn't have any. Am I? 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[25:05]*: Yeah yeah you just freeze your skin I'm not able to see you properly Sorry. Now you clear. You just freeze for a second in your screen I wasn't able to track you. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[25:17]*: Yeah so like my I just came up with an solution to that organization which was my previous See with my background and my friend's background I came up with a solution I didn't had any clue after graduation what to do what not to do any corporate world what is the first first step to be taken and what not in an IT perfectly IT fit and who doesn't have a clear vision of nearly two years so basically I came up with some kind of solution with the which I I am doing currently which is an ad type which is a product marketing product management AI course and also there is a lot of competitors in that competitor list. I I just checked up upon their website and so and so things I didn't had any clue. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[26:08]*: I mean what are the unique standpoints of the product space and the air trip this is the two booming currently in India the product marketing courses are available and also they provide like nearly two years of supports into getting into the on ahob roles long term support and in product apart from the marketing they come up with the sales sales team which basically what differ from this organization and attribute product space and attribute they have a long term support system and mentorship ideality. So let. Let me give you an example to clarify your doubt. I did my course like nearly 2025 January from then to till I'm not within reach in terms of their instrument also product space provide the same solution like nearly four years of course after that they won't be helping From a background and so on. So things. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[27:08]*: IATRA provides a solution from a mentorship. They schedule a call for an interview. If you do have any kind of doubts in terms of product marketing or in terms of any knowledge they provide a separate call one and one sections and we get a clarification and doubts and from the mentor itself. And the mentor is not yet some random individual. He might be the expertise in that field. If you if there is a product marketing there will be a mentor of product marketing from a Microsoft company or Google company. Each individual has some three mentors. Each three individuals have one single mentor. This is the unique standpoint that made sales like me grown from my product marketing and air drive. And if you say also I did have like three more friends to join this course. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[28:00]*: I suggested them to join this course and they were mentioning what is the what is the unique selling point of them. And this means I would say the customer satisfaction one is and the helpline and the job provision growth. This was the unique standpoint. That's why the ad prep community was earning nearly like 3.5 cross for a single cohort base which goes like nearly four months. In terms of our product a product space they were earning nearly like 15 lakhs per cohort. This were the complete analysis I have done from them. What differs from that even the business gets the what to say that gets the profit and incomes and so on. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[28:43]*: So even the Air Tribe employees were so satisfied based on the even the customers like me as an individual I was the one who was also I was fully satisfied with their provider and for so this would be the my unique firstly is a customer satisfaction then comes then you can based on those feedbacks of this customer you can provide the solution and competitive analysis. What the what in the website of Air Tribe they provide the feedbacks of customers how much how they're different but in product space they don't provide and so on so things and also I have talked to a lot of individuals of the products where they were not satisfied with they were satisfied only the institute and the provide solutions and not after completing the course they weren't satisfied and so on so things this way. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[29:38]*: Yeah this was my one earnings from that point I prioritized the customer samples and succeeded into the building and thirdly the profit things firstly I was privatizing the customers and then building a product user friendly answer and so things and then providing the solution what they actually needed not what we wanted and what we need to be provided and that's going to. That's not going to help in your long term which it will be helpful for us like nearly like two or three. But in terms of if you prepare a long term chart customer priorities is must they need to be retained for nearly five years or more than five years. You might want each and every. That's what my. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[30:19]*: That's what my solution I would say for even building a solution you need to create some kind of templates that what prioritize the most and so on so things then and after you can give a keywords and so on so thing for the website and so on. So. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:37]*: So you obviously look at the competitors, right? 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[30:42]*: Yeah yeah definitely look at the competitors. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:44]*: And so in that case what is that one thing that you look in a competitor? What is that one activity? Is it like social media their website. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[30:54]*: Or their post the website and the feedback from the product how much was it useful or is are there as it. Are there any customer or using an are they satisfied with the products and so on. So they and then also going into their in social media I would go straightly to their feed comment section. Firstly I will go through the what to say the customer satisfaction and so on. So then and after I will see the product structure and designing part and what all to be made the nit development that can be happened. Firstly we need to grab the customer. The market should be gathered. Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:34]*: So is it only on LinkedIn that you go through the comment section or. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[31:38]*: Do you also check other one one would be the website Instagram A one would be the website and secondly the Instagram and thirdly the LinkedIn and also the Google feedbacks and I I part time I do as a for like nearly 100 plus restaurant I do provide a feedback replay bot system. I do also have an EI chat eh Chatbot which what it does is if you do have any negative review in your restaurant terms we will be giving a. We will be assigning a chatbot and he will be replying to this customer and we will be providing some sort of solution that he would be satisfied or the company or the restaurant owner will be talking directly to them and so on. So things which we do have nearly 100 plus restaurants in Chennai and Bangalore. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[32:31]*: We do have only two cities at this current state. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:34]*: Okay and which is this product. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[32:38]*: Project? Not not life. If you do have any restaurant we will approach you and we will be creating a bot system and so things and directly it will be replying and so on. So if you do have any serious issue it will be directing assigning to us and we will be replying to us. We have it like two or three members in your team as well. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:57]*: Okay, okay, understood. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[33:00]*: That's how the restaurants business goes and so on. So then the review system which give night 4.3 and so on. So things. The main priority is to satisfy the customer. That's that's my has me senior the product manager and also in marketing I I would assign my customers itself and getting a feedback itself and uploading those into the Instagram reads and LinkedIn feedback and so on. So then after again those who are who experienced custom who experienced candidate they'll be replying to that customer. That's how I get the product and so on. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:35]*: So things Understood? Understood. So feedback is very important for you. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[33:40]*: And yeah feedback is very much important. Even if you check the Tria Healthcare the app product or some other headcut they will be putting first priority as in the customer review before and after and so on. So things based on those review the customer satisfaction gets more what to say Trust with the customer trust with their products and so to believe on the products and so on so things and I don't believe influencer marketing and so on so thing they are paid promotion and so I do believe only in feedbacks of customers and so that's my real model. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:17]*: Understood. Understood. And how often do you look at the customer like what is the frequency as a customer I'm saying competitors. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[34:30]*: I did one unique solution to my product. There was one. There was one company which I don't like to name that there is there was a lot of negative feedback. I personally go and contact that and I I I called him and visit my products and so on so things after visiting yeah I gave him a free subscription and premium product sites and so on so things he was fully satisfied and then I called him and we did a one one like a promotional thing I did capture the video and I I put it in an Instagram view which got me more likes and so on so that I was not the one. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[35:10]*: Also he was uploading in his profile as well by mentioning the what is a complete analysis I or like if I wanted to say in daily progress I would recognize nearly 10% of my time on competitors analysis and the customer satisfaction and 50% in my customer and 40% in my products. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[35:32]*: Got it. And apart from that VFIN is the company that you joined in Chennai, right? 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[35:39]*: Yeah, I left that organization like February itself due to the medical emergency which caused me nearly five months of interest. Now I'm perfectly working five and I'm focusing on my current I'm also looking for a job and the current state. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[35:54]*: Okay and we've been like how big was the team and how often would. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[35:59]*: You look two months old when I while I joined the company and I after joining I nearly built like four plus product over there within a eight months of spam time One is a personal loan and second is premium funding and thirdly credit line management system for healthcare which is a purely B2B basis and third fourthly into premium DSA LMS agent which was our product and he was using with the white labeling and so on. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:29]*: Yeah, got it. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[36:33]*: I can say that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:34]*: Okay okay understood. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[36:37]*: Coming from a background which has which didn't have any domain exposure and so on so things I took nearly like one month of into learning into the fintechs and competitors and so what are the solutions to be provided initial state I didn't give any solution the C what to say CE and the CFO they were the one who was seeing me to what to do and what to do after getting inside and so things we get caught into clashes and so on so that happens in every company. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:10]*: Understood. No, I think that answers most of my questions and thank you so much for taking out time. Right. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[37:19]*: Yeah that should be a problem. Was my insight was very helpful for your product? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:25]*: Yeah, for sure. I think that focus on customers right. I think that is something that few PMS they have few PMs they don't have but yeah I think that got reinforced that whole thing. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[37:40]*: If I say PM's mostly probably focusing on the business stand position and the product perspective not the not fully into customer perspective if I assume 100% they would be consuming nearly 10% of the customer feedback and 90% into the products what to build not auto bills which also not one unique standpoint is building a product if that survives or not that should be. That should be taken place nearly 95% before building a product. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:08]*: True. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[38:10]*: If you build like if I build an MVP product and then I uploaded it and I don't see any problems statement of the customers and I which I didn't have any problem I wasted nearly four months of spirit and also money and the development times more often you can go on the interact with the customer. First of all what is the problem statement and what is the unique standpoint? You just create this problem statement like it. It has like nearly 60 of problems which my product itself and then you can go and run into market launch and so on so. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:45]*: Understood. Do you also track market launches? 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[38:48]*: No, not into the GDM strategy. Why? Because I initially I worked nearly 2.75 years as a business analysis which is fully into technical basis not into the launching list and delivery management. I was working only for the client and then I jumped into product management where I worked like 8 months of time span. Within this 8 month of time frame I built nearly 4 plus product which I didn't had any time to go on the market strategy and launched launching strategy and so on. So apart from them product management I was doing as a UX designer and also the marketing team as well. Since we didn't add any lot of resource I was the one who was handling them. Product manager, team, use designing team and then marketing team as well. Yeah, that answers my question. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:34]*: Thank you again for taking out time. It was helpful and I definitely learned a few things that are important for our next year. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[39:43]*: Yeah, yeah. I'm quite delighted you find it very insightful. Yeah. Think if you do have any question you can go and ask. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:55]*: Yeah, I'll. I'll. Right now I think I don't have. I have exhausted all my questions but I'll keep probably pinging you. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[40:02]*: Yeah, sure. I'll be happy to assist you and help you and happy to learn from you. Yeah, sure. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:09]*: Thank you so much. Thank you for taking out time. Have a good day. 
**Mohamed Affan J** *[40:13]*: Yeah, yeah, sure. Sam. 
