# Ram Rathi and Aditya Raj Singh

**Meeting Date:** 24th Feb, 2026 - 8:30 PM

---

**Ram Rathi** *[00:00]*: Am I audible? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:01]*: Yeah, you're audible now. 
**Ram Rathi** *[00:03]*: Hi, 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:06]*: I'm doing okay. Recovering from a back injury so yeah, that's pretty much it. 
**Ram Rathi** *[00:13]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:13]*: So I had a slip disc last. 
**Ram Rathi** *[00:15]*: Year so trying to recover from that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:18]*: Unable to sit for more than a hour probably. 
**Ram Rathi** *[00:22]*: Right. Starts painting and thank you for taking time. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:27]*: No, no, for sure. Thank you, thank you for taking out time and yeah, I hope you are doing well. So let me just. 
**Ram Rathi** *[00:35]*: From office I was like, let me. 
**Ram Rathi** *[00:37]*: Just get on this. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:39]*: Okay, you're in office right now. 
**Ram Rathi** *[00:41]*: Oh, I just got. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:45]*: Awesome, awesome. Thank you. So let me just quickly introduce myself and I'll lay down the problem statement that I have. Right. And inputs that I require from you probably so. So yeah, I'm Ayutrat Singh. I graduated from IT Roorkee in 2016 post which primarily I've been working in the field of AIML for the last nine and a half years. Previously I was the chief operating officer at super AGI. So we managed to scale the business to more than $2 million, right. From almost near zero and managed to raise close to $14 million. So yeah, was there for around four years and prior to that I was working with EXL and Fractal analytics and as a consultant primarily. Right. Consulting clients like Google Lending Club usa. So everything around business and how can we support it with data science and data analytics. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:40]*: So yeah, right now I'm like starting my new venture which is based on competitive intelligence like I probably mentioned to you. Right. Did I mention? Yeah, probably I did. Right. So like thesis is basically right now, if you see a lot of jobs are obviously going to get cut and a lot of people are going to start new startups and with AI new possibilities are coming which probably was not there the last decade or the one before. So yeah, startups are going to increase and with Claude coming in, right. So the coding speed has increased and product launches, marketing around it, selling it to customer. So all this will also increase very when the frequency is going to increase. So these two vectors basically made us think that probably the competitive landscape will boom across. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:37]*: And distribution probably will be the key factor distribution both to people and agents in the coming future. So yeah, that's where we thought that probably right now is a time where you actually have to. It's stable stakes to kind of know everyone around you in the market. Right. You. Nobody wants a chatgpt moment. What happened to Google Ads? Right. The revenue fell down because of ChatGPT and yeah, so that can happen to any industry, any player today so hence we thought that we'll do something around competitive intelligence. And again, we kind of saw that in teams across companies. So the intel about competition is scattered across teams. So the TA team will know, okay, what is the hiring, in which geographies are they hiring? Right. The marketing team will know around the messaging, positioning, etc. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:29]*: New battle cards that they're launching, what are the campaigns that they're doing, AdWords, etc. Our team will know about the feature landscape and what we are good at, what we are not. CSAs will have idea into like what is the customer feedback on the pitch and the product itself from cst. So we thought of kind of merging all of this and creating a system of records so that we can see drift in positioning, drift in. So across time periods. Right now if we go to just chatgpt and kind of give it a prompt, it will take today's snapshot and it will fill out the information. So what we wanted to do is give that LLM again more data around like what has been happening, Are there price changes, is there a tier feature gating change? Right. Or any change which is publicly accessible. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:23]*: So creating that system of records and on top of that creating that intelligence layer which helps us predict, okay, what are the different competitors up to and probably if we can do something to mitigate that. 
**Ram Rathi** *[04:38]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:39]*: So this is broadly how we are thinking about it. So yeah, would love to know thoughts around this and probably I'll get into more questions, post that. Right. 
**Ram Rathi** *[04:49]*: Sounds very interesting. It's like central because I think tech companies struggle a lot with context, primarily between like a marketing team and a product team. Because a lot of context is lost in. Even in the way they talk to each other. Because even today I'm not from. Hi, am I audible? You're a little. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:10]*: Yes. Yeah, not sure. My video might be stuck. I'm able to hear you perfectly. 
**Ram Rathi** *[05:15]*: Okay, so like there have been times even when, even if I'm launching a campaign today, because currently I'm working in the growth side of things at Blog Vault. So what we're aiming to do right now is to. Just because SEO is dying, we can see that traffic, controlling traffic, it's a bit harder than it was earlier. We could have just launched a Google Ad to boost up traffic. What matters more are conversion percentages. Right. So that's what we're optimizing in growth right now. We're completely changing the messaging of the product. Even the even let's. So our core product is like if you know WordPress, I'm sure that, you know, the product is basically a plugin for WordPress. It's a B2B plugin. We have multiple products in backup and security space primarily. So currently the most conversions come out of security plugin. 
**Ram Rathi** *[06:04]*: So let's say if I want to change a product email that somebody gets up and their website is at a free user, I want to convert them to a paid user. The scanner that we offer is free. So what we use is the cleanups are our USP there. So what we do is that we give you a scanner for free. We create urgency there that, okay, you're stuck right now because your website is hacked. So of course you want to clean it. And then we get them to pay us for the cleanup to upgrade their plan based on the cleanup. So a lot of context here is lost. 
**Ram Rathi** *[06:34]*: When I talk to an engineering person and I ask them, okay, maybe I want the person to get this email where they click on this button and they should reach an X screen inside the product. But the way they hear it is that, wait, you're breaking a workflow. So the entire communication between both the teams is around, okay, why should you do this? Why should we understand this? Because the way an engineer talks is they need a very strong hypothesis. They need a very 10 binary approach to it. They want to understand it, okay, this will work because of this exact one reason. In marketing, sometimes it can be a little more vague. You assume that, okay, you will always assume that the person in front of you will think like as a user out in the world, they have that context. 
**Ram Rathi** *[07:20]*: If I'm having the same conversation with a CEO, they'll get it because they are still connected to the marketing side. But if it's like an sd, it's very difficult for me to explain that even in these situations, there might be lot of, a lot of user flows that the marketing team does not know about and have been deployed in product. And because it's a B2B security program, there are a lot of things happening. It's not as easy as like a B2C product, like an instant mart that you know, they're not as many screens for the team to figure out. So if a general workflow is deployed and if I'm getting something else deployed through marketing, maybe I want people after the scanner to come to a different screen. Now I might not be sure how many workflows that is breaking on the back end. 
**Ram Rathi** *[08:07]*: And if a product like this exists, I can quickly ask these questions to it, right? I can understand Okay, I am planning to deploy this for this segment of user. What could this break for me? What could this create as an eta? How, what could be the ETA from engineering for this? If they want to deploy, how much effort will it be for them to deploy? It's every step of the process. Currently my job also requires me to go and talk to the head of engineering and ask him, okay, see I'm planning this, what is the bandwidth right now? How much effort will this take? Is this worth doing it based on your bandwidths? Because they are also busy in support functions. 
**Ram Rathi** *[08:49]*: So at that point, if I have a product in between which also manages the bandwidth side of things because they make sure that they plan their projects on top of this or maybe in a notion and it's connected to this tool, I don't understand how it will work exactly. But that way, making sure that I am on the right ETA side of things, I am making sure that the experiments that I'm planning on can also have fair bandwidth side expectations from the team to make that balance. So this is something that I see for me as of today, I see like, okay, this is a good use case that I see for this. Even other, if there is a new person joining the company, I think a lot of stuff for them, a lot of context learning for them could happen. 
**Ram Rathi** *[09:35]*: That okay, what product are we using to deploy emails? A lot of times because it's a startup, a lot of times these answer are just with the CEO or the second person that has joined the company and if they haven't really tried to fix it, they haven't really answered it to anybody else. So if I want to know today which platform or which tool are we using to send marketing emails and which tool are we using to send product emails? I have to catch the CEO, I have to talk to him, I have to ask these questions and then get this data. So this kind of context I think is pretty important even in the positioning side of things. 
**Ram Rathi** *[10:11]*: Because currently my company is figuring out the positioning side, I am involved in that rather than understanding why did we have whatever positioning we had earlier because we never really had a positioning for the product. Clear one. So that side of things I'm not struggling with right now. So I'm not sure how that could work through the product because given that positioning is also a very. It's not a 1, 0 answer, right? It's a lot of nuance, it's a lot of emotion side of things. And chatgpt still or even Claude or any AI that I have personally used for writing or thinking tasks hasn't really been able to connect the dot of. Okay, what emotion does this create? It's a very static thesis answer, right? It's not very heavy intuitive answer which you expect from a human. So positioning. Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:06]*: So if I understood correctly, you want basically one platform where you get to know all the teams, get to know one single source of truth and they're all aligned basically. That's basically like one. Although the point that you made about the marketing tool, right? Which product team uses for sending out say newsletter or product communications that might not be part of our ecosystem like the way we are thinking right now. So what we are thinking is basically say there will be different tabs around say marketing, right? Positioning changes, your jargon changes like testimonials that are coming up, right? New battle cards, if they are. So any change that happens that will definitely. You will get to know the next day mostly, right? Not more than a day lag will be there and. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:51]*: And then there will be like elements for product team where they'll get a exhaustive list of features that across all the competitors, what is the total set and where are we basically lacking or. 
**Ram Rathi** *[12:03]*: Where are we ahead? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:04]*: And similarly it goes for say sales, right? So we can give intel around like okay, this person from this one of our customers has moved from there to there or probably in some other t some other competitor he has moved from here to here. So all those what to say intelligence around like changes happening, right? The LinkedIn post that will be there. So those kind of things is something that we are thinking around AEO also, right? So it will give you a idea around like okay, where are you ranking on the topics? So I think that's a simple use case that everybody has ao websites app. So in our context that is definitely there now on improving. Like say if you think that okay, the messaging for a computer has changed from something to AI something, right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:54]*: So if need be for us also to change something similar to that or probably, you know, any other words that change might not happen today from our platform. The way we are thinking right now, that might come in V2 where we kind of say start operationalizing or integrating say WordPress, right? So if any company sees, okay, these are the changes that I want to make basis the competitive intelligence that I have seen. So in that case WordPress integration will be there and you can do that via WordPress from our platform. But that will come later. Right now it's more around say fast signals, right? Fast signals and basically a Timeline of. 
**Ram Rathi** *[13:34]*: Things, more or less. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:35]*: And on top of that also a lot of Reddit threads are there, right? And it's not humanly possible to track all the reviews, all the Reddit threads, etc. So many data points are there. That's where we are kind of say playing around with AI and trying to create a multi agent system where we, where the AI basically or the set of agent, master agent basically they form an hypothesis and back it up with different evidences from different places. It can be from anywhere, right? Say for example, we have work, we are basically working with High Radius right now for a poc. So one of the things that we found out is that High Radius will launch an AI recon platform soon. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:21]*: So what the evidence that the system gave us is that they have hired eight ML engineers, they have acquired AI startup, they have basically filed for a patent and they have changed the messaging on their platform from something around finance to autonomous finance. So these four different things from different probably categories of intelligence, right, which resides with different teams today, that is something that probably AI can go ahead and combine and form hypothesis around. 
**Ram Rathi** *[14:59]*: Okay, so hypothesis creation will still be done by the tool is what you see. Even if. 
**Ram Rathi** *[15:05]*: Yeah, okay. 
**Ram Rathi** *[15:09]*: Because I feel as a tool it's basically giving me alerts about okay, your competitor changed this and alert is definitely part of it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:23]*: Alert is definitely part of it. Any such changes, like a new job posting comes up, you'll get to know, right? And there are multiple things around the alerts. Alerts is one part of it. The other thing is where we have basically the what to say. Say reviews, right? You have reviews on G2, you have reviews on capture, you have it on Gartner. So there's no combined view generally unless you ask internal person to kind of create a dashboard around it fetching every from every place. So we are kind of tracking that change like okay, from last quarter across competitors, this has been the uptick. This was the reviews or the negatives that have been spotted generally in Gartner, G2 etc rather than more than positives, probably the negative reviews actually are more true. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:12]*: So you get to know, okay, what are the pain points that their customers are facing for sure. And then we can give you like insight into. Okay, like so many reviews mentioned this topic, right? So this can be used as a point against that. 
**Ram Rathi** *[16:30]*: Also fair. 
**Ram Rathi** *[16:35]*: It's another startup actually who is doing something very similar in consumer research side of things where they're trying to build a keyword based tool. Basically, let's say I want to search locks and it will tell me wherever it is cited in this meaning across all text based platform social media and even if it's an Instagram post and it will compile that and give it to you. So even they are doing something similar. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:04]*: Can you just name it? Sorry once again Nedle. 
**Ram Rathi** *[17:09]*: N E E D L Needle AI Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:19]*: Knowledge Management Report Automation. Okay. Market intelligence is also something that I saw see here. No, I'll definitely check it out. Thank you for mentioning it. 
**Ram Rathi** *[17:29]*: Yeah, they also I think recently started, I think like six months, not longer than that actually the CEO, the founder basically used to work in my company and he quit like three months. 
**Ram Rathi** *[17:39]*: Back and started that. 
**Ram Rathi** *[17:41]*: So that's why. 
**Ram Rathi** *[17:42]*: Yeah, okay, got it. 
**Ram Rathi** *[17:48]*: You wanted to you know, consult, ask, whatever. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:52]*: Yeah, so I wanted to understand like how frequent. So for Blog Vault how many competitors would you track generally and at what frequency? 
**Ram Rathi** *[18:01]*: So we don't have a lot of competitors because WordPress B2B is not very competitive. You have like two, three big names which are like the Apple and whatever Apple and Samsung of our industry where they have the most market share and it is the audience generally is very sticky. Like once they install let's say a competitor in securities Word Fence which does absolutely zero efforts for marketing, they only have a support team and that's it. They don't even have marketing a marketing team altogether. They created a website around like 15 years back or something. They would have created it 15, 20 years back. Haven't changed a thing to it till now. Still has the most market share at this point like around I think 30, 40% market share and that's it has. Has nothing else going on for them. 
**Ram Rathi** *[18:59]*: But once people have the brand name is so strong and after that these people have just installed it and because they're not been facing an issue with it, they don't change like it's okay. Same for backups. Even for backups there are very big players also but our company is in one of the top three names. So backup wise we generally float better. Even in that it's a. Backups are even more stickier because once you install a backup plugin it will start creating automatic backups or daily, weekly, monthly backup, whatever you choose. And then until your site hasn't disappeared or there isn't a need of a backup, why would you change it? Right? It's like a measure out of your day in your backup plugin. So that's why the sales cycle and the entire funnel itself is different. 
**Ram Rathi** *[19:50]*: We can't have sales for it because it just doesn't work for. For this space. People rarely switch backup plugins this often that, you know, we'll get like instant conversions happen for that. Even if I give a very big discount, like we have to trust on factors like a very high 60%, 70% discount if I want to make a quick sale there. So even there, the competitors are like two, three people, same story. Once a person is in doesn't change. The product that we have is an agency plugin. It's basically an agency dashboard where 100, 200 sites, which are managing these sites for other businesses and these guys. It's very difficult to track 200 sites inside WordPress because the UI doesn't really help you. And you'll have to go inside every site, open the plugin, get the details. 
**Ram Rathi** *[20:43]*: And so what we've done is created a central dashboard where you can connect all sites and then based on what's burning, whether there is an error, what's going on, you get a general view there and then you use that even there. We have like maybe two or three players who are doing this. So basically not a lot of people that I'll have to check. And even what does. What that also means is that the references that I use for every campaign that I launch are also pretty limited. And there's around and because the community is like, it's a very engaged community. It doesn't talk too much, but the people who are hardcore inside it know whatever is going on. They would like to be on Facebook group, they would like to engage with each other. It's like a. 
**Ram Rathi** *[21:31]*: It's like a park community for your parents, like old people. And they're just very engaged with each other, even if it's boring stuff. So because of that, whatever one person changes, there is a post somewhere or the other about it. And everybody knows, even if it's not a post that gets like thousands of likes, it might get like 50, 60 likes. And even if it. If it gets. If it crosses 100, it's an amazing deal. So everybody knows. So if, let's say somebody changes something as big as positioning in less than. In less than 24 hours, somebody from the team would know. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:08]*: Understood. Understood. 
**Ram Rathi** *[22:11]*: So that's why you know that in a day it will tell that to you. That was something that I was like, okay, that's not really super helpful because I think till 48 hours. So it doesn't affect anybody in this industry. 48 hours also is like a very big deal. Like that is putting an example for. For w. When were planning campaigns for WP Remote, the agency plugin. There's another player called Manage. WP has double the market share that we have and has been in that space for a long time and was doing the same word fence route of not changing positioning strategy, marketing anything for 15 years. But this changed their website recently, like maybe eight months back. And as soon as they did it, we knew. In less than, I think less than 12 hours we knew. 
**Ram Rathi** *[23:00]*: And none of it was alarming to us that because this space isn't that competitive with each other, everybody is very friendly with each other. So if like, let's say they're expanding their marketing team or something, my founder might just not care because they're like the community does. The market is not like that. The market is very friendly and supportive of each other. They don't really fight or you know, fighting for that one person. They don't do that. We tried an aggressive campaign back in Black Friday where we are basically on another plugin. I told Manage wp only we did that. And the one of the most engaged and biggest community for WordPress, it's called, 
**Ram Rathi** *[23:45]*: What is it called? WordPress admins or something. 
**Ram Rathi** *[23:47]*: It's from this company called Patchtack. 
**Ram Rathi** *[23:50]*: I'll just tell you the name just a second. 
**Ram Rathi** *[23:56]*: Basically this community had a post where a woman was pissed off about the campaign and she posted a picture of it. She tagged our founder also. So they even know the founder's name because WordPress has events every two, three months called WordCamp in like the, in like everywhere in the world. And they, the community, if anybody is involved in what they do, visit once or just to know, okay, who is managing my backups. I would like to meet the CEO and they do want to meet the CEO. So most people even know the name of the founder. As soon as this post went out, there were like 50, 60 comments on that. My founder actually even commented on the post. He was an experiment taking off the post and the ad off of it now sorry for offending anyone. 
**Ram Rathi** *[24:44]*: And the company even reasoned, they were like, you know, it's fine, you don't need to worry about it. So it's a very friendly chill community like that. So because they're not that competitive, they don't care about what's changing at such micro levels. In another. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:01]*: Understood, understood. In, in your previous experience, have you seen something like this? Like where there was a need. 
**Ram Rathi** *[25:10]*: So before this I was working in an agency. I was in solution strategy at that time. It. There was, it wasn't about okay, who's hiring what expansion they are doing. It was more about okay, if I don't do well for this client, let's say it's a Tanmay Bhatt I know who they will go to. 
**Ram Rathi** *[25:34]*: Okay. Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:35]*: So there also the number of competitors was probably less there. 
**Ram Rathi** *[25:39]*: The number of competitors is very high actually. 
**Ram Rathi** *[25:42]*: Okay. 
**Ram Rathi** *[25:42]*: But because it was in video production, right, Video production also most agencies they don't get work because they're an agency. They get work because the person knows the founder. That's why it's a very founder driven business altogether. Or somebody who's been a producer for 20, 30 years and now has joined this company so his entire clientele will want to work with this company. So the most of the acquisition also works like that. So if you're not working with my company I know who else is friends with Tanmaybad who he might call people. Even if there are like 2,000 agencies just indiranagar and Bangalore, this is how you might compete with them. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:26]*: Got it. And say for product launches like any feature launch from a competitor do you think that is something that your team tracks or no? 
**Ram Rathi** *[26:38]*: We do track it. We do track if somebody's prices has gone down for a specific service or if they are launching a new feature. But this phase doesn't have a radical innovation waiting for it. There is only so much you can do and you can only optimize it to better. And then you compare percentage that okay, his scanner is 99% accurate, mine is 99.7% accurate. That is why I'm better. So it's like that. And even people using one security plugin like Malcare, the plugin that we have not using another security, they are using our plugin and but we offer firewall cleanup and scanner but they don't like our firewall as much. They don't trust that as much. 
**Ram Rathi** *[27:25]*: So they install cloudfare just for their firewall or a patch tag just for their so now patch tag is another plugin which offers a firewall but they're more in solving this thing called vulnerability mitigation which is basically making reducing possibilities for your site to get hacked. Fixing the vulnerability side of things which is a big deal in WordPress websites. So people will install just this plugin to solve this once proper thing because they care so much about it. So it's a lot of mix and matching inside the space. So competing with each other very. Until it's not like a radical innovation plugin that is like not competing with anyone. Nobody cares as Much we're like, okay, we just want to increase market share, let's see how we can do it. 
**Ram Rathi** *[28:14]*: My company is one of the only companies, some companies, I would say, who are investing so much in marketing for this. Others honestly, they just believe in creating a great product. They believe in just managing a community, helping them out. And it's like a founder with 15 people or like not even 15 people, like five other engineers who are running support. That's all. Because you can create a plugin for yourself to serve the same function in WordPress. It is just somebody else has done it now for you and is like, okay, backed by whatever metrics and is very smart and won't let this burn for you because he has responsibility now is why you would rush. Otherwise you can create your own plugin and upload it and nobody will really have a problem. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:56]*: Understood. And so the like, if I talk about like competition tracking, like if there's just one signal that you would want that probably you don't have access to right now on a time to time basis, what would that be like from your importance level? Because I just wanted to understand more around say from a perspective of a growth marketeer, right. Who wants to kind of convert leads, what will probably add value to your work? 
**Ram Rathi** *[29:33]*: I'm just thinking about it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:34]*: Yeah, sure. 
**Ram Rathi** *[29:44]*: I think one thing that we are also struggling with right now is just data management and collection. So we have a CMS called Post Hoc which is involved, which is we are hosting it locally. And so it's a little older version but nobody was really using it as heavily as I have started using it now because growth has as a function is started because I was here. So there is a lot of fixing involved in the tool because the support is not being given by the company anymore because we are locally hosting it. So we just bought like a lifetime license for us whenever it was launched, like it's been a while, like 10 years back and then we're hosting it ourselves. So all the support was only our engineers fixed the tool for tracking as well. 
**Ram Rathi** *[30:29]*: But then again it's me asking bandwidth for engineering help. Right? But it is so vital that I can't not get that because how do I create a hypothesis Accurate data, Right. So this has a lot of problems inside this one is the fixing part. Let's assume, okay, everything is fixed, but it is showing accurate data. There is also a lot of effort and steps to track each thing. If I haven't really created a set dashboard for it, like okay, if I want to check this One thing I can just use that I have to be involved interpretation for a third person. Like, if somebody asks, why did paid signups go down today? I can't show them two dashboards and because they will get confused. Okay, what are these numbers? About the same number, in fact, in two dashboards. What are you showing me different? 
**Ram Rathi** *[31:22]*: But then I will tell them that, no, it is different because this data was like from two weeks back and this data is from today. And between those two dates, I've enabled disabled two other pages. And that is why the drop is there today. And there's a lot of context that I have to tell them about, which is, again, okay, why am I wasting my time? 
**Ram Rathi** *[31:44]*: I don't need to do this for. 
**Ram Rathi** *[31:46]*: Every person who's coming and asking me a question. So for the tracking side of things, I see a perfect gap for a tool because we are trying to create a tool ourselves where using cloud code. So the team already has built a tool in engineering where 100% bugs are being right from picking up the ticket to solving it, to sending the communication back is being done through AI. And even the engineers have uploaded all the code base to this tool. So even if there is a bug or something that they need to fix inside the tool has 100% context now. So it tells them exactly what is wrong or what things they should check, what things they should keep testing. They're also updating it every day and adding more context. But it's like a library. 
**Ram Rathi** *[32:38]*: It's like a central brain where the brain knows everything and every code line of the tool. So you don't really have to, you know, ask one person and then be like, okay, wait, he doesn't know. Ask the other person. Or just be like, okay, I have to do this myself. Read through the code. They don't have to do all the things. 
**Ram Rathi** *[32:57]*: All those things. Right. 
**Ram Rathi** *[32:59]*: So we are trying to build like a version of this now, basically that we are, yeah, internally, where I have an LLM in front of me, I don't really have to create a dashboard anymore. Maybe I have to do that in a setup process. But after that, all the questions that I or anybody has can directly ask this LLM and it will give you answers based on the context. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:23]*: Okay, okay. And so what is that signal that you look for generally, from your standpoint, 
**Ram Rathi** *[33:30]*: Every experiment might have like a different signal that I'm looking for. Sometimes it's. It's just. I just want more people to reach this page. And for that I'm fixing or changing Work user flows inside the product because this page's conversion rate is better. There are like maybe two, three conversion pages on side my tool and I've realized that page one has the most conversion rate is the highest, CTR is the highest for this page. So then I would want more people to just reach this page. So I will fix user flows. When I do that, I would have to set up a lot of tracking internally of like a dashboard where I'm comparing three things, I'm comparing a period in the past and I'm also if something breaks, there is no way for me to get an alert. 
**Ram Rathi** *[34:17]*: So that's like a different kind of project. But I'm also trying to build that where, okay, once I've set up an experiment and the stuff that is changing, there is monitoring built in which sees these key screens where or key user flows of people being in this user flow. If something breaks for them, an event is fired and basically I get an email. So I know, okay, I need to shut this off or I need to go back to the old prod and. 
**Ram Rathi** *[34:43]*: Do all those things. 
**Ram Rathi** *[34:45]*: So that is something that we are trying to build right now on the tracking side of things and just like having context and helping me out with answers like I did this last time. What changed? Like maybe I launched an experiment two months back, I stopped it for whatever reason and now we are trying to do something very similar. So either I have to find the board that I created for that, then the dashboard that I've created, I have to open up two, three sheets or I can just ask questions here in this LM that I had launched this thing earlier. What happened there? Why did it fail? Why did it pass? Sometimes failure can just be that I expected X number of people to read, but the number didn't really. The percentage didn't really go up. 
**Ram Rathi** *[35:30]*: But the problem that this, the contextual problem that I was talking about was more about, okay, it doesn't know which number to look at to tell me that it's a positive signal. It might be that I'm not just looking at page views, I'm also looking at people clicking on a secondary button, a secondary city. I want more people to go there instead of just buying from here. So most of these, so that's something which I can pre code it inside the tool and it will make sure that whenever somebody has a question like this, they don't bother me. 
**Ram Rathi** *[36:04]*: For answer, they can just ask it themselves. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:09]*: Thanks for sharing your insights. Do you have like two, three more minutes? I just Want to show you what we are trying to do and just take your views there. 
**Ram Rathi** *[36:17]*: Right? 
**Ram Rathi** *[36:24]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:24]*: Is my screen visible? 
**Ram Rathi** *[36:26]*: Yes. Yes, I think so. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:28]*: Yeah. So we started off with pricing. Initially were thinking we'll just like try to build a product for the product teams or marketing teams of PLC companies. Right. That they can compare their pricing with wherever it's exposed. So but that universe is like less. Hence we have expanded the product. But this is the initial design. So basically were doing it for linear Steam versus Gina versus Asara. 
**Ram Rathi** *[36:59]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:00]*: And if you can see. So you can just toggle and you can check like, okay, for 64 users, how does linear pricing compare with Jira and Asana? Right, Right. So you can just play around with this and then the different tiers. So, so say for the free tier. Okay, so what are the features that we have like an advantage on? And basically where are we restricting the users? Right. So kind of giving this analysis across the comparable tiers, basically. 
**Ram Rathi** *[37:29]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:29]*: If you see this. 
**Ram Rathi** *[37:33]*: Right, okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:35]*: And then this was the reviews pertaining only to pricing initially. Like were just picking pricing reviews from different sources and trying to kind of map that. And then something like this would come up where AI will suggest, okay, like why don't we add SSO2 plus tier and raise it to $14. Now what is the evidence? Why is it saying this is because Jira offers SSO at 8 and Asana at 11. Right. And then 23% of negative reviews cite missing SSO as a reason of churn. So these two combined is why it's recommending now to use this or not is something that obviously it's on the company because we don't have internal like goals. Internal goals, internal like constraints. Why are they doing it? Is it because of the margins or what? But yeah, so we can like tag it helpful, not helpful, basically. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:37]*: And similarly different thing. This was the initial thing that were doing. 
**Ram Rathi** *[38:41]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:42]*: And now if I show you. Yeah, let me just show you this. So this is just the reviews across different platforms. 
**Ram Rathi** *[38:50]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:51]*: So it's written G2 here, but the idea is to get it across platforms, which usually we don't have. So if we are comparing say High Radius versus Black Line, these are all the competitors of High Radius. So how many reviews on the different platforms and what is the rating and what is the sentiment that is there Right. Across the different competitors as well as my radius and then top customer complaints, as I told you. Right. So response time, 22% of the negative reviews have this response time mentioned for Black Line it's user interface. Flowcast is also user interface. And so this kind of insights for this is just only for reviews. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:35]*: These are all reports that we are trying to kind of see whether AI can do something good or the swarm of agents can help us bring out insights which probably was not possible. Okay. This will all go into a product later. But right now that's why we are kind of say trying to validate it. So say for again high radius versus all the different competitors. Okay. So strategic threat metrics is basically where are like so for say flow cost. Okay. So they are moving up market. So they're like attack vector. So to say is mid market land and expand upwards. Okay. Primary primary weapon that has come out from different things is ease of use plus implementation speeds. So the evidence why we are saying this is because G2 reviews have been 43% year on year increase, right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:32]*: And easier than black line mentioned 127 times. They have hired enterprise A roles, right? And they have launched netSuite advanced and deep integrations which are more enterprise focused. 
**Ram Rathi** *[40:49]*: Right? 
**Ram Rathi** *[40:50]*: But these insights aren't there little surface level. Like if I am a founder of a company or even if I'm the head of marketing where I am the person who is responsible for answering all questions for people executing campaigns. Wouldn't I know this from research? Like because. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:14]*: So basically see that's what I was saying. So this is something that is with the TA team, right? This is something probably the CS team and the marketing team at times would know, right? Or the product team will know. But to combine. So to combine all these different data points from different places is where AI can help. That's something that. Yeah, probably this insight might not make that much sense right now for you, right? But we showed the high radius team, they were. They were not very unhappy with this. They said okay, although this might be something like you are saying, this might be common knowledge also for sure, right? That also might be possible. And so similarly for other players. And then I was telling about the drift timeline, right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[42:07]*: Strategic drift timeline like say in the month of January and a plan they launch this product, right? Targeting blackline migration. So this was more like a product launch then plan one they partnered with Black Lines competitor tried tech, right? So this is basically an integration alliance. Higher ads, they change their messaging from autonomous to autonomous finance like I was mentioning previously. Similarly in the month of December if you see they posted Anaplan posted three financial product managers across these locations, right? Planful rebranded from FPNA to Planful office of CFO Iradi has acquired this. So we are trying to kind of. This is how we are trying to kind of say bring it all in one place. I would say right. This my open to feedback definitely like you said hiring signal. So what are the roles that are open right now? Right. 
**Ram Rathi** *[43:11]*: The high rate company they're talking about what scale do they function and how many employees do they have. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[43:16]*: I think this they are doing 300 million ARR. So I think 200 people. 
**Ram Rathi** *[43:27]*: Yeah. Then, then the product makes sense because I think at the currently the scale that we function is at around like 2030 million max. So I think the teams are very close knit at this level for you know, for knowledge like this to not having time to catch up on knowledge like this. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[43:49]*: Understood. So yeah, just first. Okay. They have associated 4,000 members. Not sure if all of them are working. But yeah, that's why it's pretty big right now. But I get your point. Yeah. You're saying that the communication lapse will be there, gaps will be there. So hence this could make more sense too. 
**Ram Rathi** *[44:09]*: Mission could like you know, maybe help me get 1% or half a percent of the my competitors market share in next six months. And in our scale that might. That number might not be that important. But at a 300 million-ARR scale that percentage is pretty good. Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:27]*: Even if we help them in one getting one deal across the board then ROI for the product is there basically. 
**Ram Rathi** *[44:32]*: Like even the pricing for the tool and pricing for the team and everybody else would justify because in a lot of market they might just say I'll. 
**Ram Rathi** *[44:39]*: Just hire another junior marketer will. 
**Ram Rathi** *[44:41]*: Get me this data which is like their salary might be something that they're okay to pay like TK I can get out 5 more tasks out of this person. So justified. I'm paying like 10 15,000 salary every month for somebody who does this and also does other things for me. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:02]*: Probably. Yes, true. I think the price will make sense that ways. So yeah, just to like coming to basically customer sentiment. The other. That was a detailed one. So this is more like how were thinking about it. 
**Ram Rathi** *[45:16]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:16]*: It kind of helps us create those battle cards also and pointers for sales team to pitch. And then again this is more or less the predictive intelligence. This, this is what I was referring to the AI recon agent launch. 
**Ram Rathi** *[45:32]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:32]*: Why? Because they acquired a startup, they hired eight ML engineers, patent filing and messaging shift. 
**Ram Rathi** *[45:41]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:43]*: So yeah this is more or less we are trying to kind of still develop it. We're thinking there are a lot of things that we can put and we should probably not put so hence we are still deciding on this. 
**Ram Rathi** *[45:55]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:55]*: But happy to get your views on this Ram, like what do you feel like in a big company Definitely probably it might makes more sense but in general from a marketing perspective or say from a larger perspective do you think that this add values to companies? 
**Ram Rathi** *[46:14]*: I think if it's an. 
**Ram Rathi** *[46:17]*: If it. 
**Ram Rathi** *[46:19]*: Does add value I do see use cases not like I'm not sure how accurate the analysis side of things is yet because I haven't used it to answer that of okay, how good is that building a hypothesis if let's say if it is good at that then I see a bunch of value as a senior manager in a big company that okay I don't have to help juniors with their hypothesis creation they can use this to think and move forward. Other than that like I think market is a very important thing. Plus the one thing that I felt was I think it was a bit too detailed. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[47:00]*: Yeah right now it's report and it's done by Claude also it's verbose right now so obviously the form factor will change. This was just an experiment that we are trying to do on some live data right to see if it can produce something that is okay. Like probably the teams might not know. 
**Ram Rathi** *[47:17]*: So yeah no makes I think. 
**Ram Rathi** *[47:20]*: It's good for like founder a founder or a CMO primarily where they don't want to spend time doing general marketing research they have they just want like a quick insight of okay this quarter probably my competitor is doing this so how can I do it to combat that? 
**Ram Rathi** *[47:41]*: If. 
**Ram Rathi** *[47:42]*: If they are. If their strategy is to grow like that if they're not going 0 to 1 then they probably they're trying to just get that one person from they're competing for market share. If they're in that stage then I see a lot of value for the competitive intelligence in the marketing side of things for this. So yeah primarily that I think got it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:05]*: No thanks Ram. Thanks for sharing your views and thanks for taking out time after a busy day. 
**Ram Rathi** *[48:12]*: Always good to. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:15]*: Yeah and probably I'll just ping you later also to get some feedback or any questions that I've missed. Probably Right. And yeah and one more thing so were thinking like also adding market like marketing activity for so basically are they creating videos? Are they creating case studies? Are they doing this? Which channels are they using? Would that also add value getting that land? 
**Ram Rathi** *[48:45]*: I think it will Currently you need to create Use cases first. I would say even if it's for distribution. For distribution also you can create content around creating use cases for this. Because the product is very confusing right now. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[49:03]*: No, it's not a product, it's more like a report. Right now again, yes, get to the product. 
**Ram Rathi** *[49:08]*: If you start creating use cases then it is easier for whoever the person is selling to relate to. 
**Ram Rathi** *[49:15]*: Okay. 
**Ram Rathi** *[49:16]*: Yes, I am in this pain. That is why this makes sense for us. So I think even for content the first thing that you should choose is whatever format it is it might be. LinkedIn feels like a good place to start where a community building or some urgency creation is a good way of getting opinions out of people. If not that. So what we are doing for this is we have a YouTube channel called wp.dev which is. Which is around 70k subs. Pretty good in the WordPress space and well known by most brands and most WordPress developers. It's like people would know india, if I have to compare, people would know Carry Minati at some level. Right. Even if it's somebody who doesn't watch YouTube they. Once they see his face they'll be like oh right. 
**Ram Rathi** *[50:07]*: Makes sense. 
**Ram Rathi** *[50:08]*: So we build that after creating like tutorials for the space because the space has it's like video editors also working in it. So we've created like around 500 videos till now where using that we have an upper handover. Anybody who talks about WordPress if we say it, we're coming from WPW. So okay, we know how to create a website, we know how to sell a website. We know how to scale a website development agency also. So just like wait in argument. So I think if you explore a space, I don't know what that space would be for you guys. An offshoot topic like that which helps you build a currency in this space. 
**Ram Rathi** *[50:52]*: That would be great because I, I think that's a great way to grow as a B2B person that you know, key you have a very strong community again where your opinion matters a lot. So if you say choose Malkin, people will want, people will respect it. Okay. Right. He just taught me how to make a website. Of course what he's saying is right, so building on those things. But again do you need use cases first to build that properly? 
**Ram Rathi** *[51:19]*: Right. 
**Ram Rathi** *[51:20]*: So once you're there probably you can. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:21]*: Move any use cases that come to your mind off the bat. 
**Ram Rathi** *[51:28]*: Like I said, tracking is tracking and bandwidth management between teams. That seems like a solid argument where nobody can tell you if your analysis is wrong so the place which will have subjectivity in opinion that some people might not like your analysis even if it is the logical correct one because people are people can hate things for whatever reason. Right so thing that you can control absolutely is tracking because those are numbers those will always be a 1 or 0 or bandwidth management you can always blame that. Okay no the reason I'm giving wrong data is probably because somebody in engineering created a wrong notion card so don't blame me tell them they're giving me wrong data. So the tool is not irresponsible the tool functions as like an API link sitting at the back just enabling people 2% every day. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[52:26]*: So thanks for sharing that and if any use cases come to your mind please share it across on LinkedIn whenever it comes to you. Right and yeah thanks for taking our time Ram and yeah yes keep in touch. 
**Ram Rathi** *[52:43]*: Bye. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[52:43]*: Okay thank you take care have a good day. 
