# REBIN J ANSELM and Aditya Raj Singh

**Meeting Date:** 3rd Feb, 2026 - 7:00 PM

---

**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:00]*: I'm also doing good. Thank you so much for taking out time today. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:04]*: Yeah, no problem. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:06]*: Okay, so I'll just quickly introduce myself and I'll let you know what I. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:12]*: Probably want to discuss with you. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[00:14]*: So I'm Ayatra Singh. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:18]*: Right now we are working on a. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:20]*: Fresh startup but previously I was the. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:23]*: Chief operating officer at Superazi so were building sales and marketing solutions for the US and India market. We managed to raise over more than $14 million. And yeah I've scaled the revenue from. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:40]*: 0 to 2, 2 million so and. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:45]*: Prior to that I was working primarily in the consulting industry with EXL and. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:49]*: Fractal analytics, working with clients like Google and Lending Club. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:55]*: So yeah, that's more or less about me. So what we are trying to kind of understand is I'm just trying to. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:03]*: Talk to a lot of teams in SaaS companies right around competitive intelligence. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:10]*: So how do we say position, how do we keep track of the changes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:16]*: The discounts or the offers that they run? 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[01:18]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:19]*: What are the customers saying about us. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:21]*: What are the customers saying about the. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:22]*: Other competitors who is disrupting, what are the different integrations etc? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:28]*: So yeah would like to know like how do you kind of keep up on the competitive intelligence side when you are probably working on any. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[01:42]*: Product? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:43]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:43]*: So this is your experience, how do. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:45]*: You gather intel etc. Right. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[01:48]*: Yeah, yeah. So I so I'll quickly introduce myself a bit of my background. So I am having over 7 years of experience into SaaS product building and I'm currently working as a product manager in Quest, their product arm of it. So I am right now handling an employee benefits platform called Hamara Benefits. So we you know work in getting the you know the lenders onto the platform to provide loans for the blue collar employees and also the subscriptions affordable subscription for the blue collar employees. So for in terms of competition analysis so I'm having two things to say. So the first thing would be I now recently some six, seven months back I proposed a solution to the management into the rewards and recognition platform. So the so we analyze we are from the Quest, no the Quest branding. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[03:04]*: So we have over 6 lakh of employees the internal customers already there inside the system. So we didn't looked outside. So we ended up building a system which is more unique to Quest, not relevant for the world outside. So when were looking outside so the closest industry that we had was the rewards and recognition industry and so basis so how I approached it is so to understand the kind of positives that we are having. I Know the kind of the offerings that we are giving. So I am sort of giving you, giving it to you in a solutioning perspective, right? So based on that input, if there is an engine. So I used, I know Gemini and ChatGPT, right. So it gave me like what are all the kind of industries that are around these offerings. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[04:13]*: So that way I can easily map the competitors from multiple industries. So we had the likes of the insurance providers, Pascare, Plum, etc. And we had the tax benefits like Zaggle, etc. And the direct competition is from Advantage Club, XXoday and those types. So we had competition from three types. And so the way it correlates to each other is everybody is in two industry, two type offering, any two type offering. So whatever we are trying to offer, there will be multiple competition at you know, any one of these offering. So even if somebody is taking a move, say so for example, the Advantage Club they are giving it for very cheap praise india they are. So there's a core advantage of, you know, that. Com that company and they're having a whole lot of, you know, the offering there. So to understand these. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[05:24]*: And it is not from their company's website, it is from a comparison website which is done by a different company, a very small startup. They did a comparison between Advantage Club and their company there. They are mentioning this pricing. So this. So the AI, the way we are using the AI, right for doing the competition analysis. That's where you know, if this problem was given to me like before 2020, 2019 types, this would be very difficult for me to understand. You know, obviously with Google it is easier. I can see WhatsApp pricing, etc. Some link or the other will be coming up. But this has become very easier nowadays and with the type of record Rails and stuff, we can build it. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[06:14]*: And the second one that I wanted to share is, you know, recently I am working with some of my friends in building Microsoft's tool which is, you know, like a side project. So it is more into customer intelligence platform. So the moment you said competitive intelligence yesterday, so I used to think it in a way that it is a stakeholder intelligence platform. So the intelligence is like we are trying to take a pulse of somebody, a dipstick of somebody in the market. So it can be a customer, it can be a partner, it can be investor, it can be a competitor as well. Who these are all the stakeholders of our. And obviously the employees as well. Employees are also the stakeholders. So I recently saw a company Called Infido AI. So it's a very interesting company. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[07:08]*: They are doing, you know, taking you know, the pulses out of the employees at different, you know, say after 30 days, after 6 months, etc they'll take it. And based on that they create a feedback kind of mechanism, understand better the customers better. And based on it they are, you know, building an intelligence out of it. They are, they can even stay say these people are. These specific team is having a problem issue with the manager. That kind of insights they are building out of it. Say there is a manager change. They are proactively asking this. So it's like instead of being reactive is the chat chatbot being reactive? We are typing, asking a question, it is reacting to our questions. So this is a proactive approach. It will automatically trigger at certain events, etc. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[08:07]*: So the from competitive analysis, the competitive intelligence perspective, what I can think is a prospect. Prospect is a person who is actually, you know, looking at competition or they are using a comp. A competitive platform already. So how we can understand the competition's influence in the market. So what's the top of the mind recall for a prospect that is coming to a. A client of us, a client of the company. Right. So that way we can have, you know, the. We can have say for example in the, you know, the website, we can have chatbots. It will not be like chatbot. It will be coming and ask certain questions, get answers and it will go back. It's not like a chatbot. Chatbot will ask you to ask a question. Right? But we have to have something like. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[09:10]*: It will ask a question based on, you know, probably the kind of the keyword that they searched in Google, etc. So the way they are coming into the platform, we can have something like that so that will understand. So we can give that solution to our clients that the product will give this solution to the clients. Clients can easily monitor what is the top of the mind recall of the prospects they are getting along with what others like the clue and crayon. They are already doing some sort of value proportion in this area. So this specific area I am feeling on top of on. On top of what clue or crayon is giving. If we give some sort of, you know, unique selling, you know, proportion, it will be a unique value proportion for the product. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[10:02]*: So this way, with this we can, you know, plan the go to market strategy around it. So this I feel is the. Is a better, you know, this is my thoughts on the competitive intelligence platform. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:18]*: No, no. Thank you for sharing that. And what is the name Infido, did you say? Or what was the name? 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[10:24]*: Infido. AI. They are having a system called Amber. It is for employees. So whatever you know we are talking about is for the prospects. The prospect is another stakeholder. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:37]*: Right. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[10:37]*: So they are doing it for employees. So they think. Yeah, yeah. So they're having very good base india. Maruti Suzuki, ICICI bank. They are their customers. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:54]*: No, no, that it makes sense. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[10:56]*: And it was not possible prior to. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:58]*: Probably few years back. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[11:00]*: Right? Yeah, correct. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:01]*: Then again, we cannot analyze all the different problems that are there. You can't read all the Reddit chats. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:07]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:08]*: There is a limitation to what one person can do and it was always done in silos. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:13]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:15]*: So can you just like help me? So you obviously kind of mentioned one case where you had to launch a new product. That's where you went to chat GPT and you tried to kind of understand. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:25]*: The market there, right? Yeah, yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:29]*: So in terms of say product roadmap decision where you had in like incomplete competitive information, like what was missing, what was the consequence? 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[11:42]*: Okay, yeah. So this had, I didn't add in my product because obviously we didn't had much competition in what we are doing. So it is very quest specific solution. So it is in the job platform. We are having job platform as well. It is called Hamara Jobs. So when I joined in 2022, so the space was very competitive between the market leader APNA and at that time the competitions were much lesser compared to what we have today. 2022-23 we had Apna as the market leader and even now they are the market leader and the Hamara Jobs was there. So it was previously called Q Jobs. So we build features whenever say APNA is building a feature and launch it on. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[12:36]*: So they used to put a post on the social media etc we will plan something, you know, around that in our road map and if we are planning something, if we are. So we launched a feature called Passport. So Passport is like a profile which will be created for a job. It will be, it will be like a one summary which will be sent to the employers as a notification that this person is a much more relevant. This is his passport. So if they want to look deep into it, they'll click on it and Download the resume, etc. So this passport was like very sleek kind of representation of an employee. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:21]*: Right. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[13:22]*: So we launched it and around three to four months later APNA was coming up with their own version of passport. They had some card or something. They, they named it as APNA card or something like that. It was like ID card kind of experience they had. So it was like a neck to neck competition. So feature building. So say, for example Apna did added over 18 fields. They were already getting 42 fields at the time of onboarding and they added 18 fields in around 20, 23, 2024 types. So the discussion was. So in case of job platform, the understanding that they have got is onboarding is not something that has to be made easier for a job platform. So if somebody wants to get a job, they'll add all the damn thing that job platform is requesting. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[14:25]*: The employee details, employment, whatever it is, it will, they will fill it. So if somebody is filling that shows their intent. Tomorrow if somebody is calling them, they will pick up the phone and say, you know, I am doing this and that otherwise people will not pick up the calls. Right. So this we understand. So these learnings are also a part of the competition understanding. And with this we, you know, our team actually priorities few features in our product roadmap. So this also I feel is, you know, kind of, you know, which will impact our roadmaps, our competition, their operation, the way they are doing. But it will not be happening for every single competition. We usually look at the market leader. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[15:21]*: So what we can do as a product is we can, for product feature tracking, we can have, we can map one or two competition which is like front runner of the industry in the product. So it will closely watch those, you know, social profiles, etc. So this can be a part of a pro plan or ultra plan kind offering. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:48]*: Understood, that was helpful. So Quest is also into like blue collar workers. The solution that you have created? 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[15:57]*: Yeah, yeah, Quest is into blue collar staffing. Yeah, over 6 lakh employees, 6 to 6.5 lakh now. And yeah, it is an employee benefits platform. So we have, we are giving loans, subscription products and so on and so forth. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:15]*: Understood, Understood. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:17]*: And so like you said, right, you researched apart from this, any other like whenever you try to kind of fetch intelligence around the competitors. So any other like what is the usual process? Like chat GPT is one of that, right? So you go on chat GPT then you then what is the next steps? Can you just like highlight the milestones? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:39]*: Probably there. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:40]*: Okay, okay. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[16:41]*: So what I personally did the way I did for the rewards and recognition, right. So I, you know, what I did is I understood the industry first. You know, what is there in the. So it's like I am starting from scratch, right? So I understood the industry what are the offering, all the types offering. I I listed it down and then I categorized it. So I got four pillars at the end of the day. So the first one would be into discounts and the corporate gifting kind offering and there is rewards and recognition offering where the proper rewards and recognition, right the corporate social, you know a social platform kind of thing and etc and also rewards getting rewards on, you know, doing a performing an activity etc. And the third one is wellness. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[17:35]*: It includes insurance and also financial wellness, arranging loans etc and health checkups and so on and so forth. And the third one is the tax benefits and with the advent of new regime getting much more, you know, attractive even zag lice. I've seen a report that even Zaggle is planning to diversify its focus from their core tax benefits product into others. Like they are having Zygo Save, Zygopropil etc other products they are kind of diversifying. So what we. So what I did is categorized it into four and I understood the fourth one is sort of going to become obsolete. And then of these three I'll plan. I plan the kind of items that we already have and whichever is closer to. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[18:29]*: So the goal was like we first have to cover at least two pillars completely in the course of time and we started building an mvp. So that was the first thing. So we chose the rewards and recognition is a sort of easy piece because it will be relevant for the quest audience as well. I can sell it to the blue color audience as well if nothing works. Right now we are working with a couple of companies as a pilot in quest only. So how they are doing it is. So there is one company is Aqua product. The Aqua Purifying product is one of the market leader and they are having over 6,000 people as a salesforce they are asking whether we can have if somebody has achieved a target. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[19:20]*: So I'll give 500 hamara coins and if they are accumulating 5,000 coins they'll be able to get a free coupon, free gift card, etc. So this kind of use cases we worked with two clients right now. We are working with two clients right now and I prioritize that first. And we worked on an MVP after finalizing this as the go to we worked on an MVP and just for the pilot and the first beta customer, whatever is necessary we done and by December went like with the pilot and it's currently going on so that's how we used to plan. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:07]*: Yeah, got it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:10]*: And when you are preparing for say pricing or packaging decision, what compact data do you wish you had at your disposal and you have to currently hunt for. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[20:24]*: Yeah. So in B2B space the challenge is we don't get the pricing details outside. So again it is the deep research which is available in the Google. Right. It will take every single product that is and also the AI mode that is there in the Google search. Both are equally good. It will, you know, even in a Reddit post if somebody is talking about a pricing it will pick it up and give it us for. But it is not as good as we expect. So we can see that there is a company called Vantage Circle they are giving for 20 rupees price per. Yeah PUPM per user per month. So it's like very competitive. So actually what I was thinking is I had some kind of projection. So at the time I was projecting, you know the preparing the pricing for this product. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[21:27]*: So the first plan that we had is 399per year which we already had 399per employee per year. This we are having it internally for employees that the employees will be paying for it. 399 per year and they'll get exclusive benefits, discounts, offers, etc. So what we plan to do it is 3,399rupees per user per year for you know, the base plan. So it will be. The employees will be getting all the. So instead of collecting it from the employee, we'll be collecting it from the employer. So it's like the same plan went, it's like 33 rupees 25 paisa. If you can't, you cannot into per user per month. Even that is expensive. If we compare it to Vantage Circle they are giving much more offerings as well. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[22:16]*: So that's why we know right now we are working with you know, 8 rupee 10 rupee kind of pricing only because it's not having much. So we built plans after it. I proposed the last presentation that I made was three plans. So 1 for 49 and 1 for 17 and 1 for 111 39, 149 types. So it's like tentative pricing. I was like proposing. So it was like after analyzing the offering combinations that they are providing for certain pricing the competitors are providing a pricing for certain offering combinations. Right. So that understanding and then what we are offering on top of it not the same as that of the competition. We have to either work on the pricing or we have to work on the offering, compelling offering, which they have to choose us on the place of the competition. So that's how we. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[23:17]*: I did the pricing for this product recently. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:21]*: Got it. So to like come to that question again. So what was that piece of data that if you had it, was it that 20 plan that they had launched and probably you were not aware of that at that stage when you had priced it at 399 per year for employees? 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[23:40]*: Yeah, which I wish I would. You know, it would be great. Is the whole government of, you know, the offering that they are providing for different plans, all the plan details and along with the pricing and also the pricing that the customers are getting from the market. You know, they'll put like 2013 on the website. But you know, if we are negotiating, if we are actually looking at it would be much lesser than that. Right. So I think we can understand these from our prospects. Prospects. They would have already done a lot of research about our market, about our competition. Right. If you're asking a question, what was your, you know, what are the companies that you have checked? Vantage circle. This is. What is the pricing for anti circle they have quoted. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[24:36]*: You know, I think that can be a way we can get those data. Competition data. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:42]*: Got it, got it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:44]*: And so you were also product marketing manager, right? 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[24:49]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:50]*: So in terms of say product manager. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[24:52]*: Non product marketing manager. I'm into product management. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:55]*: In one of your previous tents you were broad marketing? 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[24:59]*: Yeah, yeah, for one year I started my career as a product marketing manager. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:03]*: Okay, okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:05]*: So at that time also like the company was ind right? 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[25:10]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:12]*: So obviously the competitors will have a certain messaging, a certain target Persona. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:17]*: Right. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[25:18]*: So the softer aspects of a brand. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:21]*: Were you able to like do you usually look at it when you do your own messaging, your own like brand positioning, do you kind of look. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[25:31]*: For the space in the market? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:33]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[25:34]*: For back in those days it was like every single thing. It will be some of competition that will be opened in multiple tabs. So we had a Finland company called Rosam AI. So they were like the, you know, I don't know whether they are market leader at that time, but by 2022 times they become the global leader. By 2019 they were having know the most, you know, the sexiest website that you can see for a. So usually others are like IDP etc. They are having very corporate oriented kind of thing. It'll be like content heavy. A lot of content will be there. But this Rosam AI was like very a new age kind of product and they were having very intuitive UI and stuff. So at that time, the competition analysis that I usually do is in terms of content creation only. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[26:33]*: So how they are pitching a certain solution, There are multiple offerings that we also had and they also had say for example, invoice processing, collecting the data extracting, sorry, getting the data extracting and putting the field, the relevant field and feeding into the next system. So this is the product, but the way they are pitching it is. It is an AI bot. It will, you know, the way they are pitching it, right. So different companies use a different approach. ROM was like in the name itself, they add AI and they said it's a bot, it will do it, etc. So those kind of positioning and all, we used Rosam, we used a lot of competition analysis. So for competition analysis, for a product marketing perspective, I think it should be done, you know, manually to some extent at least. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[27:33]*: And they have to look at the website, how they are presenting the visual kind of approach that they are bringing in. Right? So that I think it. And it should not be automated, at least that part should not be automated. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:47]*: AI can always recommend, right? And we can kind of talk, yeah. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[27:51]*: That can use for market research, know what's the kind of competition, etc. But to understand, you know, the content also, we can get it easily. Today almost nobody is creating content on their own. They are getting it from AI, right? But you know, the getting the look and feel of a website, how they are, you know, articulating a specific use case that I think people should look and feel. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:23]*: Okay, and say, like this whole domain, right. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[28:26]*: For competitive intelligence, how often do you. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:29]*: Look as a product market manager and as a product marketing manager in that. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[28:34]*: Role, how often would you look? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:37]*: Yeah. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[28:37]*: What would be the frequency? Yeah, yeah. So I am having, you know, I said the job market, right, the job platform. So that was like very competitive space. So there if the industry is competitive and we are in the league of competition. So in case of Hammerhead benefits, the recent product which I'm working on, I'm not even in the league. It's a competitive market space, but I am not in the league. So if we are in the league and we are, you know, sort of having some traction, etc. So in that case competitive, you know, intelligence is much more needed for from product management perspective, it is required at least once or twice in a quarter. But for product marketing perspective, what I would see is probably once in a. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[29:35]*: Twice in a year, kind of whenever there is a Pivot in the, you know, even in the, you know, if there is any challenge in the current communication etc. They can, if they want to rework on the content, entire content of the platform at that time, I think they will need but product managers in the product, if it is in the competition, highly competitive space, I think it should be required to be used at least twice in a quarter at the time of product roadmap, etc. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:13]*: Got it, got it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:16]*: So we are already overshooting time. Can we just extend it back? 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[30:20]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:23]*: So if right now if I just ask you what is one of those automatic alerts for any specific competitor activity, what comes to your mind? 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[30:34]*: Yeah, yeah. Right now when I was telling you this, I was just thinking about it. So if a product is silent for the rest of the month, somebody subscribing for Anvil and if the product is not, you know, it's not very, you know, the user is not interacted, they'll think of using it in the next month and the next year. So this silence should not be there. So what I would think is we can have a weekly kind of thing. So if I get from a tool, if it says like weekly, you know, your news on what's happening in the competitive space, what's happening in the industry which is customized for that product, all the kind offerings, the unique set offerings that they are having for these industry, which they will not get it from Google directly, which is a very personalized news. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[31:33]*: If I am getting that would be of much help at least weekly ones. If I'm getting it say, you know, I. If I. So now my meeting is on every weekly Wednesday. So if I get this, if I schedule this by say Tuesday or end of the day, give it to me a plan, something like that in the second half, you give it to me something how competition is moving and etc, if it is doing that would be great addition. So for you, what would be that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:09]*: At least that one thing, the most important thing that you would like as an update on every Tuesday from the competition. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[32:16]*: It would be if there are any new sales happen. So like I can understand what's the customers industry, you know and I can add some use cases on our area and we can, you know, also understand that specific industry is interested in this kind of product. Say for example this Aqua, you know the product I was talking about. Right. If I see this company has been partnered with this. So I'll obviously look at their competitors. So they also must be having similar set of you know, 6,000, 7,000 salespeople, you know our, for our product, the core chunk is if you're having a very huge team, very 6,000, 10,000 kind of team. That's the, you know and also if they are like blue color, gray color, that's the best chunk. So we can gamify it, we can see real progress. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[33:14]*: White collar people, they don't, you know, do gaming, interact with the gamified platform. Right. So blue colors are very, you know, much into it. They are like, they're very interested in playing, doing the job like a game. Right. So if you do this task, you'll get this much reward if your manager approves this task. So their revenue, their income only it will be given as a reward. So if I see something like this industry. So sales win can be one of the major thing that I can see. And apart from that, you know, the pricing and all that is sort of the sales team's headache. The, you know, the first proposal to sell an idea, to push an idea to the top execs. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[34:15]*: We are doing all this pricing exercises, how we are placed, how, what where we are planning to do in the market map. But the daily pricing that would be great if the sales is having an access. Apart from this, I would say if there are any new social media post or a new page added in their website regarding a new feature or new kind of pitch they are doing for a specific product. So here I am taking care of website as well. So the new website that we are building so I don't know not many product managers are also taking care of websites because that's where they are doing the product pictures and all right. And the marketing team will be working on the contents, etc. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[35:07]*: So the way they are pitching there, if there is any change in any product page, any change in the way they are, you know, mentioning in a social media post that if it is having a feature the way they are pitching it, if it is there, that will be an additional value. I can talk to my top executive management the next day that this competition has been, has done that. Now we can also do something like this. I can give this as a proposal there as it will be personally. Personally it will be helpful for a product manager perspective. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[35:50]*: Understood. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[35:53]*: No, that helps. That helps actually. So basically to an extent what you're talking about is feature gap analysis and the targeting that the other company is doing, right. If we can get a hold of. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[36:04]*: That there's a requirement that would be. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:07]*: Helpful for sales team as well as the product team to kind of build. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:10]*: Features for that specific user group use case. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[36:13]*: Yeah, Correct. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:15]*: Got it, got it. Okay. I think I've asked most of the. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:20]*: Questions. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:23]*: Like lovely talking to you and so many insightful things that you kind of discussed. So would love to kind of stay in touch and would like to probably give you a beta version of the product to use yourself. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[36:39]*: Right, sure, sure. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:40]*: So we are right now in the building phase, but sooner or later we'll be launching it. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[36:45]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:46]*: Really helpful if you can give your. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:48]*: Feedback on top of that and sure. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[36:50]*: Yeah. Even we are building one. If we are closing it, we are planning to do it. Close it by May June types. So I'll also ask you to look at our product. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:06]*: Please, please. Yeah, please do that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:09]*: And thank you so much again for taking our time. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:12]*: We'll stay connected. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[37:13]*: Yeah, sure. Have a good day. Thank you so much. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:16]*: Thank you so much. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[37:17]*: Yeah, nice talking to you. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:18]*: Yeah, nice talking to you. 
**Rebin J Anselm** *[37:19]*: Thank you. 
