# Ritesh patidar and Aditya Raj Singh

**Meeting Date:** 28th Feb, 2026 - 5:30 PM

---

**Ritesh patidar** *[00:00]*: Good evening, how are you? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:02]*: I'm doing well, how about you? I'm doing good. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[00:05]*: I hope everything is good. Last week you told me that you were at hospital. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:10]*: No, it's not really good. I have basically slip this. Slip this right now so hence the auto and fro to hospital is going on. Not able to sit for a very long time trying to recover from that. That's. Thanks for asking. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[00:30]*: Hope you recover soon. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:32]*: Yes I am also gunning for that but yeah thank you so much for taking out time on a Saturday. And we have Pratik also he's my co founder and yeah probably I'll just quickly introduce myself and then Pratik can go ahead and then probably we can lay down the problem statement for you to kind of save give your inputs to. So I'm Ayatraj Singh, I graduated from IT Roorkee in 2016 post which primarily I've been working in the field of AIML for the last nine and a half years. Prior to this venture that we are trying out right now I was working at super AGI. It's an AI startup where I was Chief Operating officer. Spent close to four years there, scaled the business from almost like 0 to 2 million and raised over $14 million. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:21]*: Prior to that I was working at EXL and Fractal analytics where I was consulting like Google Lending Club USA on everything business and data science, data analytics. So yeah right now me and Pratik so probably I'll just let Prateek introduce himself and then we can lay down the problem statement. Sure. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[01:43]*: So hey Ritesh. So I also am a product manager in a startup called Orbit Shift right now but we are trying to build a competitive intelligence tool so were reaching out to people to understand how they are, you know approaching this problem. But yeah I think if I talk about my work experience similar to Aditya. I started off my career at exl, moved to Amazon and then worked for a bunch of B2B startups which is High Radius and Orbit Shift. So yeah that's a little bit about me. Would love to know to get to know you as well and you know seek your comments on how we can go ahead and building a product. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:29]*: Sure. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[02:30]*: So yeah I'm a product Manager working since 5 years in B2B SaaS for US market basically on the retail side for point of sale, back office and everything, inventory, procurement, supply chain. So that's the product that my company builds. I did my MBA from IIM Indore. Prior to that I did my engineering in mechanical which I didn't like. So I went on to do MBA and then finally became a product manager. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[02:56]*: A story of our lives. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[03:00]*: Yeah, 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:04]*: Yeah. So basically what we are trying to. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[03:06]*: Do here, 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:08]*: So there are two vectors what we observed basically in the world today. So like jobs are decreasing, right. So people are getting say more entrepreneurial, they're starting up more and then again coding speed is decreasing with the advent of Claude etc. So more releases, more product launches, more marketing and communication to the customers. So given these two things, disruption becomes like norm. Right. And with AI coming in, there are a lot of different things that companies and people can explore. Hence what we don't want companies to face a Google ChatGPT kind of situation, right. Where they were just unaware of ChatGPT being launched and they were left in the dark. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:54]*: So what we are trying to do is we are trying to kind of create a system of records for companies where system of records of competitors for companies basically where they can see a timeline of the change in probably strategic things such as the marketing, the messaging, positioning. Right. The what are we building, what are the features, what is the gap? And not only that, hiring, intelligence, what is the org structure, where are they hiring in geographies, etc. So previously this data used to be in silos across different teams. TA would know, okay, this competitor is hiring in this space, in this role engine geography. Probably the product team would have idea around, okay, what are the features, differences and differentiation and features. Basically the CSN sales team would know probably feedback on the product with respect to competitors. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:54]*: But there has never been a one place to track it all. And yeah, that's where we are kind of coming from. And we are trying to build a system of records of computer data on top of which resides are multi agent system which will basically look at all these different data points, give us predictive intel into what the computer might be actually up to in the near future. And what are some of the strategic recommendations that probably company can take up to mitigate or not mitigate such measures by the competitor. Right. Is that clear? To an extent, yes, I think it's clear. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[05:38]*: Okay. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[05:38]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:39]*: So I think probably I start off with the first question. If you can just let us know how often do you need to track competitors? If yes, how many and like what is the process right now? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[05:54]*: Yeah, so we need to take competitors because what's happening in this particular industry where I operate is. So this is very kind of a traditional industry. So you know us luxury retail and luxury wholesale and manufacturing. That's what the industry segment Is that my product targets. So it's very niche defined industry. So I think I can resonate with. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:15]*: The problem because. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[06:19]*: Point of sale systems are like there's no, there's always a new entrant coming in the market and they're like it's flooded. The market is flooded. There are a lot of point of sales available. The core features are same so they can undercard on the pricing and everything. Obviously there are others which provide different kind of services. So on the level of service you can charge a premium and everything. But yeah, the thing that I have noticed is a lot of competitors come in and then we are also at times caught unaware and at times it get to you know the worst where our sales team kind of demoed one of our competitor who were building the same product in the same space and they do a proper check and they went ahead and give them a demo. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[07:13]*: Obviously we don't know what they are doing. It's B2B. I don't know if you are trying to tackle that. But mostly whatever features or rollouts that they are giving, all the information kind of can only be seen from their website. You cannot always experience the product because obviously you need to sign up for it. They'll ask for a company and if they know you are from a competitor they won't give you a demo and everything. So there's no a premium or a try in available. So that's the one problem that I feel. So there are certain anecdotes through which I can say this is actually a problem. We, we do need to keep researching on competitors because in the POS industry, you know anyone can enter and undercut on the pricing. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[08:07]*: The only mode they might have is the pricing and the other mode was the domain expertise. Now what's happening is the people, since it's a legacy businesses, the people who started it are now the second or third generation has taken over and these guys are like more into tech and everything. So they'll see that okay, we are using the software, paying hundreds of thousands of dollars a year. Why don't build our own product, use it for our company and sell it to the others so they have cash and everything. They'll hire someone in Philippines, Indonesia agency to develop the product for themselves, use it for their own company and also try to sell it with the partners in the same industry. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[08:57]*: And often not there are certain groups, so there are buying groups, there are industry groups, they also come together and fund any of these. So they also launch new products. So yeah, competitive Analysis, internal things, what features, maybe organization structure and everything that's not relevant to me. But if I could get this information like who's launching, what they're launching, what they're coming up with, what ICP they are targeting, are they targeting the same ICP that my product is targeting and do I feel threatened from that? So all of that is actually a need. A lot of research right now happens via the LLMs or you know, Perplexity Chat, GPT or something like that. Because these companies may not be on the platforms like Angel List, YC or everything because the market is niche, the industry is niche, they don't get funded like that. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[09:58]*: But they're mostly bootstrapped, self funded or they'll get angel fund, angel founders, sorry, angel investors in form of the industry groups or the buying groups that are there. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:11]*: Okay, okay. And how many such competitors? So as I understood basically just to summarize, so one of the pain points is you're not able to log into a computer product and check what they are up to, what they are actually built. Right. So that is one pain point. The other is since there are multiple geographies that are involved in your case. So in any geography a new computer might come and a new computer might come. Right. And might try to kind of take the market share on of that particular market. Is that correct? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[10:42]*: Yeah. So on this we only target North America, but then you know, anyone who's launching in Europe, what's stopping them, if that's successful in Europe to you know, kind of strengthen their offering in Europe and then launch it in North America and like they might then enter with a strong momentum. So that's anyone who's launching in Hong Kong, China. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:04]*: Okay, okay. And so how many computers do you usually track? Like and if you can just name one or a few. So I'll also have a look at those names. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[11:14]*: So you know, prepared as you will desk all of these. Like they came in very recently. There was Audrey Ro app. So they're like multiple new names that we explore on a day to day basis. Even it's sometimes we get to know about the competitor via our sales team. When they go into a demo with the prospects will tell them, okay, they are evaluating these three apps and they'll say oh, we never heard of the third one or something like this. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:45]*: Okay, okay, understood. And how frequently. So only when the sales team kind of tells you that's where the topic comes up. Or like do you actually have a cadence around understanding what competitors are launching or what Are the features or what is innovation happening in this space? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[12:03]*: No, no. So that's my job. And when it comes from the sales language like I failed at it basically when I look back in front of maybe sales or in my management that I didn't, I was not aware about the competitor because it's a primary job for me to know who all are in the market against which we are competing. So there's no cadence. Actually it's. It's me who's doing the research. But I'm just trying to put at the gravity of me missing out or being in the dark sport as that it's coming from the sales. When they talk to a prospect they might also not be aware about. But okay, it's. They should know it. But then it's not their primary job to know the competitors and what they are doing and what not they are doing. That that's my job. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:53]*: Understood? Understood. And do you also kind of get involved in say the GTM activities to an extent like helping the sales team with like differentiation pointers etc like how the product features probably should be launched etc. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[13:10]*: Yes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:11]*: Okay. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[13:12]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:13]*: And so probably what would be helpful in that space for you? Like as in like what information would be helpful in case it can be security for you. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[13:24]*: So if I can, you know, if I'm able to draw a clear contrast between our offerings, justify our price against the competitors. So I think that would be the best. So typically how mailchimp or every other services they do. Right. So they'll offer $20 per month. Others are offering 30 per month. In our case it's other way around. So we are on the premium side. So then we need to justify it to the customer. So if you don't know what competitors are offering. So they're like there could only be two cases. Either we need to then reduce our price, maybe we are overcharging or the other is obviously we are offering more value for money on the higher price. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[14:06]*: So then we need to draw a contrast to our prospects that look, you are paying us more but this is what you are getting which you won't get into the competitor's product. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:17]*: So you have to justify the price basically. Right. And is your pricing exposed or is it under say contact sale tops top two sales. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[14:24]*: It's not export like exposed. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:27]*: Okay, okay. But in that case, okay, the customer will basically. Is your competitors pricing exposed for you? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[14:36]*: Some yes, some not. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:38]*: Okay, okay, understood. Got it. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[14:43]*: And I just had one question you. So I think we also were Looking at reviews as a. So either it could be like customer testimonials that people have put up on their platform or the reviews that your website or you know, some of your competitors have got on platforms like G2 etc, as a good source of customer trust that you have been able to establish so far. Is that something that you also look. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:13]*: At, 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[15:16]*: Let's say when you're talking about justifying the premium that your customers have to pay for you as a service. Right. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[15:24]*: Is. Is our reviews going to be helpful for that? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[15:30]*: So reviews, to me, I don't think they're helpful because often and not they talk about the kind of service and all those things. Like from a product standpoint, for me, what this matters, like what's the other platforms other product is capable of doing and what we are capable of doing. So in ours it's mostly about the workflows. How are the workflows, how opinionated the product is. So that comes from the extent of knowledge that you have about the domain. So. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[16:03]*: Okay. Okay. So basically product capabilities are more important in your specific industry as compared to reviews. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[16:10]*: Yes. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[16:11]*: Okay. And would you by chance know what sort of objections your sales team has when they're trying to sell the product? Because, because you mentioned. Right. Key your product on the premium side. So there might be some objections related to pricing. Are there any other objections? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[16:31]*: Yeah. So anything about the product missing capabilities, product not good, outcomes not clear. That's like on the minimal side. I'm not saying this because I'm the product manager of the product, but that's the reality. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[16:45]*: No, no. I was thinking more from that angle, wherein obviously capabilities are something that, you know, your sales team or CEOs might be, you know, promising to customers that okay, we can build it for you. Right. And you can put it on your roadmap and you can either promise it and sell it all together to a new customer as well. But so I just want to also. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[17:10]*: Understand what's your sales process like? 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[17:12]*: Do you go demo first or do you pilot or you know, how do you go about selling those products? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[17:21]*: It's discovery followed by demo. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[17:24]*: Demo. Okay. So they do not get to use. Also there's. Is there implementation involved as well? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[17:30]*: Yes, because you need to do data transfers. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[17:34]*: All of the value that you are. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[17:36]*: Providing needs to come upfront in the sales calls. Is that the right one? Okay. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[17:43]*: Product. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[17:48]*: Cool, cool. Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:51]*: Yeah. So if I ask about say the process right now that the team follows. So how big is the team? Product team. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[18:00]*: There so there are five product managers. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:04]*: Okay. And same marketing. Sales are roughly how many people? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[18:10]*: Four people in marketing and sales. Actually five. We have one in us. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:17]*: Got it, Got it. And so right now like for tracking competitors, the sales has any process or like the product has. Any product team has any process as such cadence where you discuss. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[18:32]*: No. So product managers track it and then you know sales will also come up. So we also track this like if we have lost the deal. So it depends like if customer wants the prospect wants to share or not. So if they share it and where they go, we get to know it. Sometimes we, sometimes we don't get to know it. So that's also like the one thing that we track. So if you are losing it to any competitor then you know we put them into this a higher risk category or something like that. Like not the risk category but like we benchmark the competitor on a higher scale. So we need to. Then we start tracking them regularly. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[19:19]*: Okay. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[19:20]*: So it's a manual. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:23]*: Okay. Manually and via says spreadsheets or something. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[19:28]*: Yes. So we usually put it in our confluence and everything. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:35]*: Okay. Okay. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[19:36]*: I think sales also CRM that they use. So I'm not much aware about that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:44]*: Okay. Say for product roadmap decision or probably when you're launching any feature at that time did you feel that you had incomplete information on probably any of the like competitors? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[20:01]*: Yes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:03]*: Okay. And what was missing? Like what was the consequence of that? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[20:09]*: So it's. It's mostly about the features and then if someone just went ahead with any feature that you know, we didn't include it. So consequence is like it's usually after. So it's very late. It's very reactive process right now. So you get to know about it once you lost a deal to a complete and you get to know. So like there are so many things that has to hold in place. First of all, yeah, you missed it. There was a. There's a deal that was lost and then we get to know that where it went. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:48]*: Okay, got it. And probably like knowing more about the competitor up front before the deal was lost would have helped the cause there like if they knew. Okay, like what is the differentiation between our product and their product? What is the probably pricing difference etc, what we should say about them coming from reviews of their platform. Like where are they lacking? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[21:13]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:13]*: That's where we can pitch our solution better. So anything around that, do you feel that probably if you would have known that or your sales team would have known that, would it have helped? 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[21:24]*: Let Me actually refine that question further. Surates, according to you, right, let's say the cause of the deal was like some missing features, right. Which was critical to that particular customer. And let's say it also falls in your icp, right. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[21:41]*: What would be the consequence in terms of whether the sales team would be able to do a better job of handling objections or would you use it, 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[21:50]*: Use this information to put it on your product roadmap? 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[21:53]*: I mean immediate consequence. Obviously you will, if something is. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[21:57]*: Important for your icp, you will later on build it. But at that moment, what do you do? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[22:04]*: So if that's like, so right now it's the reactive. It's reactive process. So we do it after. Also doesn't like, you know, we lost the deal because of X feature that customer prospect wanted. But I wouldn't put it directly on the roadmap. I would wait for more signal for that or you know, repeated evidence that this is something that most people need. If not, if it's one of the case, then okay, you know, I will let it go. But if I, I need to get the information beforehand. So if I can get that information beforehand and just not that like there could be many features that competitors will have and I might not know how the demand is for the feature is. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[22:55]*: So if there's something where I can know that, you know, X feature not build there are like I'm gonna lose or something like that, then you know, it becomes important for me to kind of evaluate it more and see if you know, it's actually, it's providing some value and then we need to incorporate in our product. So I think that would be a good position for me to make a proactive decision. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[23:26]*: That's a good insight. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[23:27]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:30]*: And say if we just talk about like we won't be able to definitely go into the product and like let anyone know, okay, like what are the differences? Or like you won't be able to log into the product for sure. So that first problem that you said that might not be. We might not be able to solve it today. But apart from that, like what would be that one competitor activity or signal that you would definitely like, would like to track today? Probably Right. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[24:01]*: So one thing is the integrations that they have, right. So the integrations are usually mentioned on the website. So everyone will mention it on their website. So that's the publicly available information and about their support and service. So usually in this industry support a technical support team. So you know, if you get to know in what tier of Their plan, they are offering that. So it's usually on the higher tiers. It's usually in the enterprise tier only. So any of the other tiers they don't have that. But this is like mostly required this in this industry. So these two informations we can, if you can have it, I think that's also helpful. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[24:51]*: So anyone who, because you know they can do integrations or partnership with any of the other extended service provider, like it could be an insurance provider, it could be coming up with QuickBooks integration or they are partnering with any other. So there are also adjacent applications. Like there would be the application for repair management. So they can, they have a partnership with a POS provider like Edge or something. So those partnerships are usually revealed on the company's websites. So that information we will get to know it when we log in. So we might not be going and searching the websites every day. But yeah, the information if you know, could be more inbound like as soon as it's there, like as a change, you know, for sure. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:40]*: That's something that we are probably planning to kind of get in the partnership, the integrations. Right. We want to have a feed around that and I just want to deep dive a little bit into the CS part that you said. Right. Support. So would it be like what would be the exact information that you would require? Okay, the tiers, I think that will be part of pricing. If it's exposed, right. If it's not exposed then probably it's difficult to understand. So if you, so if you can just elaborate more on that part like the cs, the customer success support part, what could add value there? If you can just. So like on which probably channels are they supporting email, their website, widget, etc. Etc. Would that also help? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[26:34]*: Yes. So yeah. So you know, major segmentation would be like is it no human involved, you know, so you're getting live support, not it's not a life support, it's chat only support or email only support or community only support. Or are you able to actually email someone get on a team scholar, a team viewer and then so that's what differentiate the premium support from a normal support. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[27:04]*: So that level like you know, if you can plot that like the lowest would be a community support could be at the lowest a chat support could be a higher email support can again be more higher than a, maybe a phone support or a, a teams or a team viewer kind of support where you know there's actually support person who's talking to you seeing what problem you are going then recommending you the solution that's on the higher tier. So maybe if you can plot like which competitors are offering that and not mostly that information is available hidden in somewhere in their website pages where you know they'll say we provide live support. And then life support can also mean a lot of things. SLAs are also mentioned on the website. So if you can get the insights on what their SLAs are. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[27:51]*: So like if you support you need to create a ticket and then the SLA is 48 hours to close the ticket or 12 hours. That makes a lot of difference in a retail business where you have a customer standing and let's say there's some issue with your pos or they. They maybe did something which needs immediate attention. So I think that's a maybe important insight because that differentiates the kind of service. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:20]*: Got it. So just to. We are already like at 6 o'. Clock. Is it okay if we just extend for five, ten minutes? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[28:26]*: Yeah, sure. Okay. Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:28]*: So on this support part, right, so the, your. Your customers would be probably businesses serving and like e commerce companies would be your customers to an extent. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[28:43]*: So we don't provide E commerce but the entire backend for the e commerce. Right. They might be using Shopify, but then and anything that's related to back office a point of sale in that's powered by us. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:56]*: Understood? Understood. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[28:57]*: God. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:59]*: Yeah. Pratik, do you have any other questions? You're not audible. Okay, I think we'll just get a. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[29:13]*: Hello, am I audible? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:15]*: Yes. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[29:17]*: Yeah, no more questions. But it was helpful, Ritesh. Thank you. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:21]*: Yeah, the CS point actually that is a first that I. We have heard basically. But that's thankful. Thanks for that kind of intent around. So let me just quickly show what we have tried to build and see your like thoughts around this. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[29:39]*: That's the exciting part. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:42]*: Yeah. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[29:42]*: So. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[29:46]*: Sorry, I think your Internet is. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[29:50]*: No, just give it five seconds. It becomes clearer. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:54]*: Okay. I think it's becoming a habit of my Internet. A lot of people are complaining right now. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[30:01]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:02]*: Yeah. Is it now visible? No. No. Pratik, do you want to share your screen? 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[30:11]*: Yeah, just give it 10 seconds. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[30:13]*: I can't, I can't read. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[30:17]*: Just, just wait 10 seconds. I think it will. It becomes clearer every five seconds. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[30:24]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:25]*: I think I heard this day after day before yesterday also. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[30:31]*: Is it becoming better? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[30:33]*: Yes. Yeah. No. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:35]*: Okay, that's magic. Okay, so basically there are a lot of things that we're trying to build here, right? We're trying to kind of give a live feed around the competition. It will encompass everything that happens on their website. Their social media announcements, right. Their announcement around products, partnerships, the integration etc that were talking about, M and A activities, etc. Etc. Funding. So any kind of say changes or news that comes around that will be part of the live feed. Then we can. These are all work in progress which are coming soon. Okay. Then we'll have the competitors basically you can deep dive into a particular competitor if you want or you can see the industry wide kind of intel here. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:23]*: Then for marketing we have positioning and messaging, we have the website traffic by the pages, et cetera which is obviously available at different places. But we're just trying to kind of collate it for the competitors that you get a comprehensive understanding into what web page is working for a particular competitor versus another one. And then we are thinking around the content, blog intelligence. This is more like marketing use cases, the paid channels overview, like what keywords are they using, which geographies are they targeting, how many ads are they running on Google, Twitter, etc. Then we have a tab around AEO where we'll kind of list down all the key topics and how are you ranking in respect to your competitors right on those topics on these chat, GPT, publicity, etc. Then we have the product part where we have map basically all the difference. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:21]*: This is a rough kind of report right now for High Radius and what we have done is we have mapped all the different features including their say different competitor, right? The total set and we have plotted it against all of them like who has what right. So and this is dynamic so in case if they launch something or any new addition comes up, it will start reflecting or say annaplan tomorrow starts doing that, it will start reflecting here. This is a dynamic sort of a feature say map right across different things. And then we have the intelligence layer basically on top of this data, right? That's where the feature gap analysis is. So we kind of say do recommendations around it. Then this competitor messaging playbook is what will feed in this tab here. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:18]*: But the idea around this is basically if we can compare how is black line positioning versus versa pay right. Versus Anna plan and what are the key messages that is mentioned across their websites? Okay. And yeah, so this is more around. Yeah, yeah this is marketing POV Then the integrations that you were talking about, right? No. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[33:48]*: Yes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:50]*: So for High Radius it's basically integrations around SAP Hana. So say Hana plan does not have all this, right? So you get to see all of this in one basically tab and it gets dynamically updated. So what we do is we kind of run the workflows every day and you will get updated information as of everyday morning so that you can log in and check also in case and it will obviously appear in your feed also live feed. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[34:17]*: Okay, Like how do you make anyone trust this data? Like why should I trust this data? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:31]*: So we have verified it via the agent. That's the mode basically here, right. We look at their website, we look at their LinkedIn pages, the G2 reviews, the G2 basically the way they are positioning. So it's all based on that and there's a layer of LLM that basically go ahead and check. Right. And then probably initially for some days we'll have human in the loop also to check this. So that's an interesting question. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[35:03]*: Let me take that up there. So all the LLM generated data, the problem with that is it will be generated from sources that we might not trust. Right. So all of this data that we are going to use as a base data set is going to be scraped from their own website. Right. And that is being used as a source of record on top of which. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[35:27]*: Our intelligence layer is based on. Right. So everywhere we are showing you any kind of data we'll put in sources to ensure that it is coming. We are able to show you why, you know, certain information is there. Now There is a type 2 error as well. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[35:42]*: Right. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[35:43]*: So let's say you're here, you know, here we are saying SAP S4 HANA. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[35:48]*: Is not supported by Anaplan, which I think might not be. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[35:50]*: Right, right. So in that case it might not be prominent on their website. So type one error where we are showing something that is incorrect. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[35:59]*: Right. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[35:59]*: And then there should be something that we cannot capture and that's. So these are two kinds of errors. So first one we can take guarantee by showing you what are, what is the source, where is this coming from? Right? So we can direct you to the website so that you can trust that data. And type 2 error is a little bit more difficult to handle, right. So that's where we will continue to evolve. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[36:29]*: So Pratik, like as a, you know, as a product manager I was evaluating it. So basically explainability and a confidence level if you add that so would only give confidence to your users. So just coming from that point, because, you know, I don't know if it's relevant to you or fully useful to it, but I just wanted to share it with you. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[36:48]*: No, absolutely, yeah, I, I agree to your viewpoint. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:52]*: Pratish. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[36:53]*: So I was, and I was like working for another company and like looking into like what they do. So they're also into the same thing where you know, so you have this SEO optimization platform that give you report of what others are doing, what you are doing and what should you do to optimize your SEO performance. But company is now building it for a, for LLM. So how are the brand mentions? 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[37:24]*: Okay, sort of. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[37:26]*: Yes. So within the, within ChatGPT Gemini, like how they are mentioning your brand and then you are tracking the SEO there, like how much brand mentions and everything. So, so they were also building the same kind of report and I saw that their most focus was on keeping it explainable and like structuring it around the user trust. So like users should trust it. So maybe you know, it's, it's not related to what you are interviewing me for, like user interview, but as a product manager. Just a feedback. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:01]*: No, no, for sure it's welcomed. I think definitely we had that in mind. Just that we have not added it here. I think we might find it here. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[38:09]*: Right, Obviously you would have that in mind. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:11]*: I'm not doubting. No, but thanks for pointing that out. But that's what, so if you see here, right. It's linked here. You can just go and check. Okay. Like this is for high radius. Right. So this is mentioned invoice management and were supposed to have this also. Right. I think black line. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[38:31]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:34]*: See, so you can check whether it's correct or not. So they have invoice to cash. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[38:38]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:38]*: That's what we had mentioned here. Invoice management software. So for each different computer there's a link. You can just check whether it's correct or not also. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[38:50]*: Right, nice. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:53]*: So yeah, thanks for that feedback and I think we'll take it more seriously across the platform. But yeah, that's something that we are trying to kind of give everywhere. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[39:03]*: So is this ready yet? Are you guys like right now building it? You want you, I, I, I suppose you haven't launched it yet. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[39:12]*: No. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[39:13]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:14]*: Yeah, we are kind of doing a POC right now, so it's little work in progress, but more or less. Yeah. We'll be soon there. I think in half a month or a month we'll be there. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[39:24]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:25]*: The team is working on it. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[39:27]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:28]*: And yeah, just like quickly taking you through it. So we have little bit around FAQ intelligence also this is where your insight around say the support activities will come handy, where we can kind of also give the channel that they are utilizing for handling support. Right. Then we have battle cards competitive advantages that we have. Right. We have claims comparison on their website. Like or say number of customers, how many are they claiming versus us for customer satisfaction? They are saying 95%. Right. Iridescent is saying that it's trusted by 1000. So how are they positioning the same thing across the different competitors? Basically you will have to go everywhere. You have to kind of check and then kind of create a singular view. That's what we are kind of feeding it. And it's totally real time. So not real time. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:24]*: Every day it gets updated in case if there's any change. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[40:26]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:27]*: And which also will get reflected in live feed. Yeah. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[40:30]*: Please be also planning to add like maybe you know, number of customers that they have or any, you know, big brand logos that they have. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:40]*: Yeah, yeah, that's here actually. Customer recognition tab. So at least the named customers that they have. Right. L' Oreal Blue Ink. So we'll. We'll definitely give all this. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[40:53]*: Whatever is publicly available, let's say on their YouTube platform or on their website. All of. All of that information should be captured or even if there is a news around it. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[41:05]*: Yeah, like. And mostly I don't like it also shows on LinkedIn. I don't know if you can put that. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[41:11]*: Yes, yes. LinkedIn is one of the sources. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:14]*: LinkedIn is one of the source. And probably case studies. If they have named the customer then we can kind of. A lot of times they do. Sorry, they don't. Sometimes they do. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[41:23]*: We have featured our premium customers on our website. So mostly I think. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:29]*: Correct, correct. So that's how we are pulling this. And then again we are thinking of more sources like you said, LinkedIn and other places where we can find. If it's a named review. Right. We'll definitely kind of pull it up. But yeah, that's something that we have kind of created here in the customer recognition tab. And then what are the testimonials etc, what is the news that has been published on their website? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[41:54]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:56]*: So high radius. Basically these two are the news items. Three items basically that is live right now on their website for Black Line. It's these two. And we have something similar to this. What we also have is review intelligence like were saying. So instead of going to all the different platforms like G2 Captera independently and trying to understand what we have done is we have collated it across in one single say tab. Right. This is where you can see okay. How many reviews Are there across six competitors? Right. What is your rating? What is the market average? You can see the number of reviews that are there. Average rating, how many are positive, neutral, negative, the trend around it. Right. And what is the top complaint in each of them? Right. And then we have quarterly trend rating. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[42:52]*: You can actually filter this out to make it more legible. So what was the average rating across this. These different quarters? For high radius, now you can check for black line. Okay. And this is how it's going to. Right. Then review volume. This I think is still under work in progress. Yeah. But more or less what will happen is if you select last 30 days or any time period, it will give you the number of reviews that you have been able to get. So you can basically ask your CS team to kind of talk to the customers and get more reviews this quarter. If other companies are doing 100, why should we be less than 100? Right. So those kind of things emerge out of that then. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[43:35]*: Sorry. But yeah, one question. So when you go with it, like are you trying, like do you wish to target the product managers? Product marketing managers, customer success teams, like which decision makers would you be targeting with this product when you launch? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[43:52]*: So it's multifold right now. That's why we are talking to each of the Persona, trying to understand their pain point. Targeting just one Persona is obviously the what to say go to market strategy. Mostly they should definitely kind of focus one Persona. But that's where it breaks thesis that competitive intelligence today sits in silos. Right. There are times the say TA team won't try to see, okay, like what is going on in the product, 
**Ritesh patidar** *[44:27]*: The decision maker. So let's see. You know, I'm running a B2B SaaS product company. I'm the CEO, I think, I don't know, like this is my thought, but as a CEO, I would be more interested in getting this for me and then I might share it across with my, like I'll share the logins with my other team members, my product managers, my cs. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[44:53]*: But that's exactly right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:55]*: So that's the buyer Persona. Definitely. And right now like basically those insights that come up, ideally what we would want is to sell it to probably the CEO founders. But then again once you as a product management person, right. You kind of see this platform, you also want to work on it and basically derive insights from here, which is very valuable for your next steps. And similarly for sales marketing and. And the other thing that we are trying to basically solve here, that it should not sit in Silos, all these different pieces should not sit in silos and it should be there for all to see and understand. Right. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[45:35]*: So that's fair. I just, I don't know. Like this is again, my personal. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:40]*: Thoughts. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[45:42]*: Likely targeting the decision makers and I think decision makers will definitely see a value in it. So that will just make your sales. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:49]*: Yeah, that's a different thing. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[45:52]*: We are completely aligned on that. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[45:53]*: But actually the customer interviews are focused towards people who are actually building stuff. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[46:00]*: Yeah. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[46:03]*: So in the end if we. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[46:06]*: So while building, what we are trying to do is we are building from ground up. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[46:10]*: Okay. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[46:10]*: Marketing, you know, sales. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[46:14]*: Just a sales battle card. Right. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[46:16]*: Product, team, marketing. Then we will basically take out all of those insights and give like an executive overview for somebody like a chief strategy officer, your head of product. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[46:29]*: Yeah. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[46:29]*: You know, some CXO level person so that they can have an overview and they will just look at one or two tabs. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[46:37]*: That's the amount of time they'd probably give it to you in a MBR or a wbr. Right. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[46:43]*: And they can just, you know, question. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[46:46]*: Okay, this is not going right from a CS team's perspective. So you guys should take a look. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[46:51]*: And you know, fix this metric. So we are talking to these people and then once this is built out, 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[46:58]*: We'll go with, you know, just as what you said. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[47:02]*: We just give them like these two. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[47:03]*: Tabs and you know, try to see if they find value in it or not. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[47:09]*: I don't think they will give us time. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[47:10]*: First and second, they won't be able to even say something about, you know, 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[47:17]*: All of these types of. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[47:18]*: We won't get time enough for. From them to actually show how each and everything works. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[47:25]*: That's okay. Like that's my view. View. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[47:28]*: No, no, for sure. That's. That's completely. Our views also. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[47:32]*: You don't strategy. That's okay. It's your choice. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[47:35]*: No, no. So the thing is that it's not about only selling to the. What was it, the founder. Right. They will find value in live feed only. Whatever we are doing here, if we give a live feed around that they will understand and they will kind of pass it over on Slack, etc. Right. But what will add actual value to the whole firm is if everybody is aligned. Right. If you have to prove a point, okay. Like I want to build this. All the competitors, they have it. If you have it in one place, it becomes so easy to kind of convince people. If you see the, if you see the marketing messaging around this. Right. If you, if you see that integration, the. All the. All of them have this integration or all of them are targeting this partnership, then why not us? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:19]*: So it's not only from say top down approach. It basically enables everyone in the org around a lot of things. That's basically how we are thinking about it. Ideally everybody in the org should be using it is what our vision is. Let's see if we are able to achieve that. But that's how we are approaching it. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[48:42]*: I think this is a great POC and I do feel a lot of value in it. So there's no doubt with that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:54]*: Thank you. And any feedback apart from the sources? Definitely. And the buyer Persona, any other feedback that you have in mind? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[49:03]*: Yeah, so the one thing is like if you know you can add more explainability and confidence and like I don't know, like maybe. So the question would be how why should I trust this data or can I trust this data? That could be the one question that can come like that came to me as a user. Sure. So that's the only feedback. And then I told you about the service levels. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[49:32]*: If you can show that we will definitely add. That is something that we have not thought about. SLA and basically assemble marketing activity. Right. Videos. Yeah. That kind of thing helps, right? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[50:03]*: Yes, yes. So in a product where like, which are like support heavy that helps a lot. PLG based and then you know there's no. Your growth strategy is entirely PLG based and then it's a kind of very standard opinionated product though maybe not needed. But I'm not sure about like how to distinguish it. I think you guys are better at it. So. But I think you know, for. For a product that I work on the industry, it's definitely helpful. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[50:46]*: Would you be interested like tomorrow industry if we try to just run this because this is scalable. So I think we can you know, run it for a couple of competitors and then you can if you want to see key is this providing enough value in terms of what insights we are able to uncover for you? 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[51:04]*: Is that. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[51:05]*: Is that something you would be interested in? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[51:09]*: Yeah, if it's not too much heavy lifting for you guys then I think. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:13]*: We'll have to kind of make value for everyone. Right. So if we do that for your company also we can see if it is actually adding value. So the first snapshot you can definitely see and you can probably share internally and if other people also kind of say finding it valuable then we can proceed ahead. Yeah. At least it will be feedback for us for sure. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[51:38]*: Just a disclaimer there's not a sales pitch. But mother. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[51:40]*: We are just actually. Actually trying to figure out if people. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[51:44]*: Would find value in it or not. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[51:46]*: So I. Okay, I can receive feedback from one another one other senior product manager. That's the best I can do. That makes two of us like me and my other colleagues. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[52:01]*: Yeah. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[52:02]*: Great. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[52:03]*: So Ritesh, can you just quickly you know share the companies that you would be actually you're considering. You would be considering as your competitors quickly in the chat. That would be great and we try to come back on that. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[52:28]*: So we have committed to quite a lot of people. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[52:29]*: So I think one week or two weeks max. But yeah, I think we should be able to run that data as well. Pyro Jewel Steps. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[52:41]*: Prepare Desk Edge. You won't get it like this. Let me just paste the link. So whatever you said just put in jewelry software to that will like when you try to Google it. Yeah. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[53:02]*: Also one more last question. I guess from my end. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[53:06]*: Let's say there is a new competitor. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[53:08]*: Who is entering this space. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[53:09]*: Right. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[53:11]*: Who is trying to build maybe AI native solutions to whatever you are doing. Would you be. Would you at all pay any sort of attention to them or not? 
**Ritesh patidar** *[53:23]*: Definitely. That's what like we are trying to do. But we. There are like certain. Look at that. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[53:37]*: Got it. Take it. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[53:42]*: Cool. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:42]*: Ritesh. That's. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[53:43]*: That's it from my end. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[53:46]*: Light speed. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[53:50]*: But yeah they are also there. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:53]*: This is not the like the vc right? There's a VC also Light. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[54:00]*: Light speed. Pos. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[54:02]*: Okay, got it. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[54:04]*: That's about. Sorry, I don't know. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[54:07]*: I think they can kind of take in 10 also the only thing is pacing. We will have to think. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[54:18]*: You might like to visit the website and then. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[54:21]*: I mean for sure. Please. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[54:33]*: Steps or. Exactly. If they are still open. I think these are the ones. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[54:56]*: Thank you so much Ritesh. I think I've asked all the questions and thank you so much for taking our time again. I think last week we could not meet but around 27 minutes. Thanks for that and have a great day and probably talk to you soon. If we have any questions we'll just probably ping you on LinkedIn. Feel free to answer whenever you can. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[55:18]*: Sure. And Pratik, you can if you can also send me the connection request that would be. 
**Prateek Kurkanji** *[55:23]*: Yeah, I'll do that. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[55:25]*: Thanks. Okay guys, all the best. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[55:28]*: Thank you so much. Thank you. Have a good day. 
**Ritesh patidar** *[55:31]*: Thank you. Have a good day. 
