# Sai Bhaskar Devatha and Aditya Raj Singh

**Meeting Date:** 10th Feb, 2026 - 6:00 PM

---

**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[09:47]*: Hey Aditya. Hello. I'm sorry, my previous call got delayed. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:55]*: Hi. No problem, no issues. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[09:58]*: How are you? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:00]*: I'm doing well. How about you? 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[10:01]*: I'm good. I'm good. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:03]*: You're based out of Bangalore? Okay. Okay. Perfect. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[10:09]*: Amazing. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:11]*: So yeah, quickly I'll just introduce myself and then probably we can get started. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[10:16]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:18]*: So I'm aitaraj Singh. I'm the Chief Operating Officer. I was the chief Operating officer for Super AGI. We managed to scale the business to more than $2 million in ARR and managed to raise close to $14 million. And yeah, so that was my last stint. And prior to that I had been working with the Excel analytics and factor analytics for the larger part of four to five years. And working with clients like Google Lending Club etc, helping them with their data analytics and data science kind of requirements. Yeah. So right now I'm starting my own venture and that's where I wanted some feedback and kind of say some thoughts from your side. Right. On how do you kind of tackle this problem of comparative intelligence? So I. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:10]*: What we're trying to build here is basically a tool which kind of aggregates all the competitive intelligence that the whole company has. Right. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[11:23]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:24]*: And how to envision that? Basically say you're working at lt. Right? Yeah. Lt. So in that case you would have competitors. Correct. And the intel around, say competitors, what they're doing is scattered across teams. So talent acquisition team will have like okay, these, they're hiring these people. The product team will have the feature gap analysis. Right. Your sales team will have recommendations. Yeah, recommendations on why they are probably moving to some other place. And marketing has to keep track of the messaging and positioning, etc. Right. To bring that top of the funnel. So yeah, that's what we are trying to do. We're trying to kind of aggregate all of this one particular platform. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[12:15]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:15]*: And that's where I wanted to ask you about your experiences and how do you do competitive analysis right now in the current scheme of things? What is the frequency that you do the exercise and how. What is the usual process? 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[12:29]*: Right. So the reason that I wanted to connect with you immediately was I'm doing that right now. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:35]*: Okay. Okay. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[12:36]*: I'm building. And it hit my nerve that you know, I'm doing this competitive intelligence and analysis and then I have to give it to my sales team as well. And this also like multiple stakeholders. Right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:48]*: Yeah. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[12:48]*: That's where I was like very interested to talk to you immediately. So I'll tell you what my current context is. So. And then ask More questions on it. So LT has multiple product lines. Okay. So there is an AI, there is a conversation platform, there is a messaging platform. 100 different things are there. So we have around 28 products under the same platform. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:13]*: How big is the company like in terms of the strength people? 250 people. Okay. And when was this founded? 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[13:20]*: Founded in 2013 or 14. But they did in 2020. 2020, just during COVID So till then it was a different platform from 2020. It got scaled and so a little bit more context is we are a unified conversations platform for credit unions. Very specific to credit unions. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:39]*: Okay. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[13:39]*: And by conversations platform we have email, all kinds of conversations that credit unions have with their customers. They have it on. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:50]*: So example of credit union would be probably operating banks, ICICI bank, etc. Right. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[13:58]*: ICICI is a big bank. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:00]*: Okay. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[14:00]*: Small bank. Like you know, you have this Lakshmi Co op bank. If you go to a tire 3 city you have a small co op bank credit union. Is that. So they have a very low scale and they only deal with a certain customer group. So maybe there is something called Vantage west and they. They're only people are army retired people. So they only deal with army retired people. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:27]*: Understood. Similar to ussa basically. That's a company in the US that particularly focuses on army people for the US because nobody was giving them insurance. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[14:39]*: Correct. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:39]*: So they started their own insurance lending for the. You the army basically retirees and their families dependents. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[14:48]*: Correct. So exactly. Credit unions already all have them on purpose. Like there will be one credit union for farmers or if you are part of Texas Texans instrument ti, an employee of ti, you will have one credit union for only employees of ti. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:03]*: Okay, okay, understood. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[15:05]*: They have some purpose to do that. So they are very small in scale. They don't have more than. I mean some of the big credit unions have 1 billion AUM, but otherwise it's 10 to 20 million AUM is what they handle with. So they don't have tech teams and they rely on LTropi to do the conversations between them. So you can send. Can you receive all the messages that you get? You receive all the phone calls, video calls, everything in one place. And then you can send messages from your site. Like if you have used any WhatsApp tools. Right. WhatsApp business tools where you can trigger WhatsApp messages. You can trigger. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:42]*: That's what etc. Right? 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[15:43]*: Correct. Yeah, that's exactly. But very specific to credit unions. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:48]*: Understood. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[15:49]*: Inside that we started a new team called AI and so we are building AI agents for the credit Unions. So there are some external facing credit union agents, internal facing agents, etc. Etc. Right. The thing I wanted to tell was because there are lots of product lines inside. So email for credit unions have 20, 30 competitors or AI agents for credit unions will have 2030 different competitors than AI agents for internal teams. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:18]*: Okay. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[16:19]*: That is one insight I wanted to tell you because whatever I'm doing, it's not common for the entire platform. It is very specific to the product line that I am working on. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:27]*: Understood, understood. And similarly, other product managers will be probably working on different product lines. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[16:33]*: Correct. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:34]*: And how much revenue is the company doing right now? 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[16:37]*: Approximately hit 100 million last year. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:40]*: 100 million. Okay. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[16:41]*: Yeah. That is a contracted value. So ARR might be around 70 or 80. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:47]*: Got it, got it. Okay. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[16:49]*: That's about L tropy. In General, we have 26 to 28 product lines and we have 14 product managers who handle one or two for each of them. And when I talk about competitive intelligence or analysis. Right. So for us what we do is for example I handle AI assistants which is facing AI agents. So we have very specific vendors who are focused on credit unions and there are generic vendors who are focused on in general AI assistance market. Right. Are the general assistants and Posh interface will be direct competitors firms in the credit union space. So yeah, when I do competitive analysis, I just go to their websites. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:35]*: Posh Inter. Posh interfaces you said. Right. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[17:37]*: Posh is one company, Interface is another competitor. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:41]*: Okay, okay. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[17:42]*: Both of them are competitors for us. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:45]*: And so basically what is your product line right now that you. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[17:48]*: Yes, it is knowledge assistant for employees of credit union. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:53]*: Okay, okay, got it. Understood. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[17:57]*: I mean other things also, but the one that I'm working, this one. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:04]*: Understood. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[18:05]*: Yeah. So how I do currently is like, okay, they say that some customer has preferred sales team have reached out to us saying that, you know, we have lost this duel because that other company has. Has provided some features that we are not able to provide. This was the statement that sales has made to our all hands caller, wherever it was. Right. And the company called E Game. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:32]*: Ek E Game. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[18:33]*: Okay. So now they were like, you need to know what exactly is your company doing differently than us and why are we not doing that? So I tried to reach out to the customer. Hello? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:48]*: Yeah, you're audible. Yes. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[18:50]*: So I tried to reach out to the customer asking why did you prefer that and what exactly made you take that call. The thing is, they gave very generic answers. They're like, it was very comfortable for us. UI ux is comfortable or these X and Y reasons. But it never really worked with me because it doesn't make sense. Like you have other directions and all. So then I started trying out seeing what all features they have. The problem with these B2B companies is they don't put all their features on the landing page because it is sales heavy. They reach out to the customers with a different collateral like a PDF or PPT or something which I can't get. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:32]*: Hands on for sure. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[19:36]*: Number two problem is they don't let me sign up. Right. They have some kind of mechanism even we have mechanisms where we don't let others sign up, other competitors sign up, they don't let us sign up to see the product. Right. And this big companies are don't have free trials or anything. So it's extremely difficult for us to know how the screens look or how these things happen and all. So what kind of do is try to reach out on LinkedIn to the employees of these companies? Like for example, I am reaching out to the Eguyne employees asking I will not reach out with my primary LinkedIn profile. I reach out with a different LinkedIn profile that I. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:14]*: What's the spelling of Egan? 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[20:16]*: E game. E game. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:23]*: Okay. God, again. Yeah, yeah. Please go on. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[20:28]*: Right. So what I did was I created a fake LinkedIn profile, reached out to the employees of the company saying that, you know, I want to join the company, can you give me a little bit, do you have time to talk to us, etc. Etc. I mean you have to do all those things. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:41]*: Yeah, yeah, for sure. Everybody has to do things. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[20:44]*: Yeah. So to get the insights. So I did that, I got some insights from the company. What are they doing on, what are they focused on? Right. And then one other strategy I've used is they have this every weekly, some video sessions where you can sign up and then they will explain the product in a video call setting. Right. I signed it up with a different email, joined the session, saw the platform, ask some questions. Right. So that's how I gathered what features do they have? Why are they specifically preferring that? And all this is number. That is what I'm doing right now. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:21]*: Just, just allow me one minute. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[21:23]*: Yeah, it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:10]*: Please continue. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[22:17]*: Yeah, sorry. So that's what I've done for this specific company and I could not use AI because their content is not available online. So I can't really get any other insights. On top of that is one example. Second example is Copilot where people are reaching out, sales people are reaching out saying do you have any defensible points that I can talk with the credit unions who already have Copilot because Copilot is included in their bundle. So they will ask me what are the battle cards? How is it different? Why should credit unions prefer ltopi over copilot? Right. That is one other type of thing. So I have to use Copilot. See where it is different. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:01]*: Microsoft Copilot we're talking about. Okay. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[23:05]*: Right. Maybe they don't have governance like we do. They don't have features where they don't have audit logging. So xyz. Right. So I have to try out their product and why should they prefer lt? I have to write a blog or kind of create a battle card in general. Right. That is second type of competitive analysis that I do. And there is a third part of it which is marketing, as you only mentioned. So marketing will reach out. See, these are the words that I'm using in my land. Do you think this will work out or do you think it's a good naming thing to go? We have named AI agents before agentic AI came into play. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:46]*: Okay. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[23:48]*: And now agent TKI is everywhere. So they're getting confused between AI agents and agent ki. Right. Team gets confused between. What is the difference between these two? So these kind of questions they ask and then I kind of tell that, okay, let's follow some of the competitors. What are they doing? What are the product names that they are doing? So naming in general, what features and all. So the type of analysis we do, understanding the copy part of it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:15]*: Understood. So one pain point is basically not able to go inside the product and check the product. Okay. That is something that probably we might not be able to solve. So our idea is more around the publicly available information. Right. And kind of collating that. So the second problem, like you mentioned right now, marketing. Right, in what. What words are they using? What are the terms that they are using? Probably right. And how are we doing it differently? That is one thing. And the third thing would be second. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[24:45]*: Thing is writing blogs about comparison. Like what do we do better compared to other. Most of the information sits in their blogs, like individual case studies or blogs or these kind of things. So that is one area. Look at the information. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:00]*: Got it understood. And feature gap analysis also is something that you definitely do. Right. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[25:06]*: But again feature gap analysis because we don't have the access to the entire product. What the name is what we say take it at face value. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:13]*: Yeah, true. That is there. That is there to an extent. Say with some confidence, we can Say whether it is there or not, say the AI check the page and it understands that, okay, these are the products that they are saying. And if it finds any reference that this is not there, then only it can probably come up and tell. Otherwise it's very difficult. Right. Unless some customer has put it out there on Reddit on some other platform. Right. Then only probably it will come to. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[25:42]*: The problem is they use marketing terms like for example, reinforcement learning is one of what are one of the competitors are using as a marketing material. But in reality it is some random thing that they have done, but they named it as reinforcement learning. Now for a customer who don't understand reinforcement learning, they will say, you know they have reinforcement learning, why don't you have it? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:06]*: True. And then it's just a copy that you also need to do to make them understand that, okay, we also have it. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[26:15]*: And then they do changes on the top. This is also another pain point is they make a lot of change. So this is an insight where because it's AI is doing very fast in pace, they release a lot of new features. Okay. The founders will post on their LinkedIn that we are launching this or somewhere. If I had missed that point, we reach to it later. So I need something where I can keep track of what other customers are doing, other competitors are doing. Sorry, not customers. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:46]*: Correct, Correct. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[26:47]*: One pain point also. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:50]*: True, true. So all of these are noted. I think few of them we. So the last one that you said, right, that is exactly. I think one of the things that we are trying to solve for that we don't. We get notified whenever there is something like this. Right. Social listening is part of it and we get to know it before our customers come and tell us that. Okay. It happened in the sales calls and the marketing calls. And then it becomes an issue. We should basically know it at a gap of probably not more than 24 hours. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[27:19]*: Correct, correct. Exactly. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:20]*: Even if we like check it daily. So in the morning we should have a news feed where we understand this new feature launch. Correct? Correct. Correct. And super. Yeah, please go ahead. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[27:32]*: One other thing I was about to say was. So our credit union customers also reached out to us asking because we are AI assistant, Knowledge assistant. Right. We also have a chain called Secure Web Search. Right. So what they can do is they can add a certain websites and they can ask questions from those websites. So the pattern that I have seen with couple of credit unions are they've created multiple assistants for each of their competitors. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:03]*: Okay. They have done it. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[28:05]*: They have their own Competitors, for example their Texans Credit union, they created a credit competitive analysis bot called Guardian cu. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:15]*: Right. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[28:15]*: And then they ask questions to it, what are your loan rates? Okay. It will give you a loan rate and they'll compare it with their own loan rates and they'll see. Okay. I think they're putting it like this, we should provide it. So that is one insight that I got from this credit union that they want us to build this capability which is to analyze what other people are offering. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:39]*: Understood? Understood. No, that also makes sense. Only thing that they are not probably in SaaS because we are thinking of focusing more on B2B SaaS. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[28:47]*: Right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:48]*: Right. The hypothesis or basically thesis is that entrepreneurship will increase, time to code is decreasing. A lot of people can experiment, new startups will go, will come basically and the speed of coding is changing. So there are a lot of changes that are happening very constantly. Probably in a matter of two, three days. Right. New features get developed, shipped. So everybody has to be on track of that and especially in a red ocean market such as your. Right. So in that case it makes all the more important to be there. Right. If they run a campaign against you probably should be knowing that if they launch a landing page with competing against basically benchmarking against your product then in that case you should also get to know and you should also add it as soon as possible or take relevant actions. Right? 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[29:39]*: Agreed. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:40]*: True, true. So okay, got it. This is helpful Sai. And so right now do you, so you. What is the general process like? So this is something that you require on a good frequent basis. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[29:56]*: So every month we have a call with the marketing team. So is my job to keep that marketing material updated. So before the meeting I kind of go through all the websites, all my competitors and then there are four or five collaterals. Like there is a competitive analysis, feature analysis table that I need to keep updated, yes or no and write new features where I have to explain the features differences between me and my competitors. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:22]*: In clear way only for that specific product. Right. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[30:25]*: Your basic respect, whatever product, I'm there. So I do it with three products monthly because I own three products. So I just need to verify it, cross verify it every single day, every single month to see whether it is correct or not. And then marketing will take it from there and then they update all the materials that are publicly faced. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:46]*: Got it? Understood. Understood. So this is one thing that you will have to do repeatedly and probably other PMs in your team also. Right? 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[30:54]*: Everyone has to do it monthly. We have calls monthly. We have monthly releases. So before the release we have to get this done. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:02]*: Got it. So Understood. And yeah. So how often have you seen these changes? So once a month you definitely collate that. But as in terms of say changes to the website etc to the product. Right. And the launches, what is the usual frequency in your domain right now? 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[31:25]*: So I think maybe once. So big changes happen once in quarter. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:31]*: Okay. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[31:32]*: One or the other competitor will do very big change in once in a quarter. Right. But otherwise monthly I see changes from each competitor, everyone. They are also releasing their own new features. We are also releasing our new features. So there's always updates that I do every month. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:47]*: And any say consulting firm that the whole team as a whole or probably the company as a whole consults with. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[31:57]*: No, we don't have any, I mean no vendor to help with. There is an inbuilt marketing team who works on that. One minute. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:07]*: Yeah, sure. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[32:21]*: Yeah. So yeah, we don't have any third party vendor. We have a marketing team of five people whose sole job is to collate information from all the product teams and then get this material out there. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:35]*: And websites are on WordPress by any. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[32:38]*: Chance of your not WordPress? They have engineers who work on the landing page. I guess there was some people have said that they might move it to framer. So. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:54]*: Okay, okay, got it. And so I'm seeing your like web page right now and definitely there are a lot of pages. Right. In terms of the reviews etc, do you track any like say does a team track any particular platform? Like okay, we need to have reviews on this platform or that platform? No. Okay. Reviews is not something that we only. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[33:20]*: Worry about the sales. So because it's very one to one sales, whatever sales team tells us, they take it to the thing. Otherwise they don't have any review mechanism for the product. There is product CSAT which we collect inside the product itself. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:38]*: Okay, okay. And apart from that like from any online web page or something like G2 etc. Cap Gartner. No. Right, okay, understood. And for hiring also like does say your manager or someone in the leadership also do they constantly look at like what kind of hires are they doing in. In product in different technology? Are you aware of that? 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[34:07]*: Not very aware. At least my manager who is head of AI product management thing, he doesn't do that. He doesn't track these things. But I've seen people track sales. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:22]*: Got it. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[34:23]*: And people increasing sales and all those things and partnerships is other thing that company tracks. So we get a weekly message from the partnership's head who messages that in this last one week. These are the news around credit unions. And those news have two sections. One is in general credit union news. The second one is competitors and credit unions together they write some content. Right. Like they release blogs and all those. They send it to us. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:53]*: Got it. Okay. So basically this Persona can be tapped into or this vertical can be tapped into something like that. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[35:00]*: Or they might. So Egain is one of the example. Right. So Egain has a blog with one of the credit union that how the credit union made use of Egain and got it. And I thought that again is another competitor that I have to work on. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[35:17]*: Yeah. So you have again as a competitor and who else? 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[35:21]*: Posh Interface. I'll put it in the chat. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[35:26]*: Okay. Interface. Interface. Interface AI. Yes. Okay. Bank GPT for credit unions. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[35:38]*: Correct. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[35:40]*: So they are positioning a little slightly different than how probably your team is doing it. Right? 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[35:46]*: Correct. Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[35:50]*: You are basically what to say? Basically tapping into that staggered platform where you have to go for different vendors for different things and you are unifying that. Whereas they are just saying that we are bank GPT chatbot sort of a thing. Right. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[36:10]*: So they have. So most of these companies like even Posh. Right. They started as in chatbot approach, but they slowly launched other things as well. So Posh and interface are accommodators across five product lines that we offer. All the AI offerings we have. They are a competitor for us. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:30]*: Okay. This Posh Virtual assistants is that. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[36:34]*: Yeah. So they have virtual assistant. So AI agents and assistants both they have Posh AI is the name. I guess. Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:42]*: Okay. Okay. I think I open posh dot com. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[36:45]*: No, no, Posh AI again they also position. So initially we positioned it in this way customer facing and employee facing. Then they also change their positioning into that customer facing an employee facing maybe a year back. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:07]*: No, this is helpful. So understood. Let me just show what we have been up to this time and just let me know if something similar for your company also would make sense. Right? Yeah. So we are basically dividing the whole thing into two parts. So one is basically your stride like pricing audit. Right. Since you're in your sector, in your domain, the pricing is not exposed. So probably this won't make sense. But in case if it's out there in the open. Right. So you can just see like we have done the comparison for linear versus Jira versus Asana. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[37:43]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:44]*: So for 40 users, how much will be the license fees for each of the different platforms? And then we are trying to compare their free Plan with jira's with asanas. Right. And kind of trying to see what is the green and basically what is the where are we lacking in this. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[38:02]*: Right, right. Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:03]*: Right. And then giving basically unique advantage limitation parity around all these different tiers. So at this price point what are they offering versus what are. So we're trying to club it with the AI. Obviously it won't be exactly same. And then basically taking user sentiment analysis from G2 Captera, product hunt, etc, these things. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[38:24]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:25]*: Then letting you know like okay, in the last 90 days this is what your customers are saying about you say in case if you have to increase your reviews also you get a complete view like okay, they moved up the ladder or where are they? Right. So we can have the G2 quadrant here, Gartner quadrant here, etc. And yeah. Then strategic recommendations around it like this specifically for pricing. So like say add this here. Why? Because JIRA offers it at 7.7 asana at $11. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[39:02]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:02]*: And 23% of negative reviews for this linear side that missing SSO for churn. So what we're trying to do, we're trying to take these all different kind of signals and combine it and give you one. Yeah. So this is first this more or less a recommendation and then before this also what are they up to basically? 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[39:27]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:27]*: So if I give you another example, were working on this. Okay. So if I just show you here. So we are working on a POC with High Radius right now. Okay. So if you see risk alerts, predictive Intellius. So High Radius is going to launch something like this. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[39:52]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:52]*: Reconciliation agent. Why? Because they acquired a new startup, they hired eight ML engineers. Right. Messaging shift to autonomous finance, patent filing for AI powered variance detection. So all these sources combined give it a confidence score of say 92. That yeah, more or less this is going to happen. Interesting. And similarly for Black Line we are seeing that margin pressure is there and hence they will change the pricing strategy because three have mentioned that they have quoted 40% less than last year. The revenue growth has slowed down. Right. And they are doing aggressive discounting basis. So these kind of insights. And on top of that then possibly what should we do? 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[40:39]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:40]*: So something similar to this. So does this look useful? Because we are kind of trying to do that on the hiring signals as well. Right. Like product roles, what is the posted and how many people have joined etc correct across geographies. What is the like cut? 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[40:57]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:58]*: And then user. This is the rating. This is another like version of the same thing that I Showed you different. Different timelines. And then there is a positioning drift. Like were talking like they changed from autonomous. They basically changed it to autonomous messaging on this date, more or less in January. Right, Right. Then these guys acquired a close iq. So this is not specifically for positioning, but you can put a filter for positioning and just see the positioning changes. So it adds. Acts as a system of records. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[41:28]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:28]*: On top of which basically you can kind of use AI to aggregate that data and surface out insights which probably we will find it difficult not only because of. Because of two things. One is there are so many data points and it's not at one piece. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[41:45]*: Right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:46]*: Right, right. Yeah. So this is what we are basically kind of say working on right now. Right. And then probably give you stretch. It all depends whether you want a sort analysis or whether you want say Porters five that forces. Right. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[42:04]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[42:04]*: So according to that, if you want we can kind of put. So instead of at times, instead of going to say a consulting firm like an MMB who would come once in time and then probably arrive come back next year. So this will be an automated kind of say intelligence that the company will be receiving on a month to month basis rather than once in a month or say time point in time, basically exercise. Right, Right. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[42:30]*: It is very difficult to do it every time now and then the frequency. I mean one time you can do put all your energy into this. But keeping it updated is where the problem is comes at least for us. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[42:40]*: Correct. That's why we are kind of. This is more like the news alert also looks like. Yeah. So the idea is that. But it will also give you a system of record as well as the alert monitoring. Right, Right. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[42:53]*: Yeah. I think if I have to look at from LTP point of view and what I am doing positioning drift is like what I generally do if I'm searching their websites once in a while. This is. This is very helpful for me positioning Drip because it will help me understand how are they changing their naming or how are they positioning in their products or are they building new features. So I'll club both of them together. It is basically for me to track websites. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[43:21]*: This is. And then we can have basically a word count, simple word count of like what words are jargons are they using across the website. Right. As simple as that. So that also gives us an inside. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[43:33]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[43:33]*: These words are the most used words. So probably a recommendation. The reinforcement learning is something that they were using that you are not using. Right. So that analysis on like the words that they are using but you are not using. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[43:46]*: Correct, correct. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[43:47]*: Something like that. Yeah, so. So yeah, this is more or less the come like concept. Right now we are trying to kind of generate a report first using AI and kind of getting that workflow working right before we kind of prioritize this. Because people need to find value in this. Right, right. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[44:03]*: No, makes sense. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:05]*: Yeah. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[44:06]*: So like I have one point to add to this. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:09]*: Right. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[44:09]*: Like I think I have in whatever you mentioned. Positioning is definitely one thing that it will be very helpful for me. Pricing again will be very helpful. But we don't have the information outside. We can't really answer that. The other thing I really love about in the that thing that you made was hiring plus other things that you connected together. Right. So if we can add social media also into it, LinkedIn for example, or Twitter, that would give the entire picture of what the other company is giving doing. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:43]*: True, true. I think we already have that. Social listeningist will be part of that. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[44:49]*: Got it, got it. Cool. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:50]*: Will be part of that. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[44:51]*: Yeah. This is. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:52]*: I think what we will do is that timeline. We can filter it out basically only social media. If you want. If you want you can club it all together. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[45:02]*: I mean the moment you have all the information you can slice and dice in the way that you want. But yeah, I think if I have to put that these are the two data points that I will be very interested to use it as of today if that is the case. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:18]*: No, perfect. I think. Yeah, let's kind of work more on this and then probably get back to you and probably you can also explore. We can, you know, do a POC if your. Your team is aligned right on the. So it has to be set up right now and prioritized version will be. It will take time because first we need to understand what are the different parameters that will change across businesses and accordingly kind of set up the whole product. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[45:47]*: I think one thing I should also tell is the company follows a particular procedure to onboard new tools. So they typically have a POC period of a month and then they do a couple of security checkups. So because we handle data of credit unions. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:04]*: Correct, correct. That is very important. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[46:06]*: Yeah, yeah. Whereas it's very important we have to do this analysis. So Sock two or hipaa. I. I don't know exactly. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:11]*: Type two. Type two I think is required there because you are. They have data about their end people and you are getting that. So everybody has to be Sock too. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[46:22]*: Correct. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:23]*: That that is there. That is there. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[46:25]*: And then we have an vendors team who do analysis of 15 days on your. They might ask you some questions and once it's there and the pricing is upgraded, approved, that's when we onboard new. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:38]*: Tools we don't have. Yeah, I mean that makes definite sense. But I think that stage will also come once we are like done with the poc. We just get that key. This is valuable for you. In that case it makes sense to put the effort from both sides to kind of create it more like a product. Right? Yeah. So no, I think that was really. I think you laid out all the pain points. Thank you so much for that. And I think hopefully we will be able to solve few of them for sure. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[47:09]*: You let me know whenever there is a version that I can create a POC inside. I would love to start and no. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[47:16]*: So I think what will be helpful is if you can just probably. I think let's have another round of discussion sometime. Right. You let me know like what? So you obviously gave me a brief. I'll also go through the notes, you'll also receive it. So once that is there, let's I think double down once more, discuss it like what are your specific pain points? Like what exactly should we be tracking? And then I'll go back to my team and kind of ask them to work it out so that we can deliver you a report at least. Right? Yeah, one time, two times. And if you find start finding value in that probably then we can take it to the leadership or whosoever is required to kind of get on board. Right? 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[47:58]*: Yeah. No make sense or you want to connect. So she is the one who handles the marketing at least from the competitors point of view and copy point of view and all. So if you want to know the other side of how marketing works and all, maybe you can reach on LinkedIn and talk to her. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:19]*: Okay. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[48:19]*: She's based out of Canada but she's. It's just that we have this rule that we can't connect people internally. They have. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:28]*: No, no, for sure. No, no problem. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[48:30]*: You can reach out to her. She will be helpful. I'll see if there are any other product managers whom you might need to talk like very different opinions or different kind of product. So you can get the other side of the thing as well. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:44]*: Correct. So it has to be built finally I think at a company and product level. Right. We'll have to have different workspaces probably. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[48:52]*: Correct. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:52]*: And so for your use case for your product line, you'll utilize one you like the full thing and the other teams will utilize the other workspace where they get the only thing there is like the reviews. Probably not very relevant. In your case, how do we kind of segregate that particular to a particular product? 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[49:13]*: Correct. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[49:14]*: That will be a challenge. But I think we can once we like say work on it. Right. I think together we can kind of solve that and see. And in any case, if not even a product, I think this report, if it can be automated and if it brings value at least for a lot of things that we can kind of say aggregate one place and get it automated, I think that will also be valuable for the time. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[49:37]*: No, agree. Yeah. I mean spend time spent on that to create similar kind of report. Right. I mean I have to do it mapping in my brain that last time I've seen this website, this is what I've seen now they've changed. But you are making it extremely easy for me to have it in one place. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[49:55]*: Yeah. And then you can like whatever is publicly available I think is something that we should definitely track as like a change from the previous one, which probably today is not very possible. Right. We have to kind of create some spreadsheet, keep the messaging there. Then after five months probably a new spreadsheet will be created and that old one will get lost. And then again you cannot humanly it's a little difficult to kind of check all the 5, 6, 7 positioning changes that they have done. Right. And which way are they going? Which Persona probably are they tracking? Right. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[50:28]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[50:29]*: So the partnership thing that you said and the integrations that they are doing and these kind of give you hint into like what Persona are they next targeting probably or focusing on right now from a say marketing and GTM point of view. Correct. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[50:44]*: I think is a very different company. We don't really care if they're going to other industries. What we care generally is in credit union space. We should be the talk. So not true. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[50:56]*: But for partnerships, say credit unions, if they go out for any random like if they have affiliation to a lot of different. Different industries. Right. In that case tapping via that industry might make sense. If your competitor is doing that also, then we should also kind of try it out. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[51:14]*: Yeah, I think I've seen that like my competitors do go out of the industry and play with some other industries as well. But L tropy has always been, I mean I joined like six months ago. What I've seen with other people in the companies, they're very particular with the credit union space that they are. So they are very sure that doesn't matter what competitors are doing, which industry they are going we will stick to credit union. We will build horizontally and vertically for credit unions. Not horizontally, vertically for credit unions. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:45]*: Got it. And in your previous experiences at RKCM and Appraised. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[51:50]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:51]*: There also this like problem was there or say this competitive intelligence was supposed to be derived or no. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[51:59]*: So RC Sham. I was there a very small. And they are also very specific to hedge funds. So they don't care about what industry or other people are doing. They don't do Compton analysis at all. They're very particular about the kind of hedge funds they're getting. So It's a big B2B company. Appraised. Yes. We used to track every single day like it used to be my job that every single day morning I have to open all my competitor websites and see what they are doing. Are they launching new programs? What is the price point of that program? Maybe we have 1.5 lakh program. They're costing 2.5lakh program. Right. So these things I used to do in Appraised but that was a B2C company. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[52:42]*: Okay. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[52:44]*: We never did that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[52:46]*: Understood. Understood. No, I think that is really insightful. So thanks so much for your time again and let's stay connected. I think I'll probably ping you soon. Right. And let's arrange for another time. I'll probably ask my co founder also and we'll have a I think thorough discussion on what probably can help you. And then let's get that into place and probably if you like it, you can show it to your team and then. Yeah, we can see where it goes. Right. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[53:15]*: Okay. It was nice talking to you. I'm very excited for the. Let me know. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:19]*: Sure, sure. Let me set up some time soon. Probably early next week if that works. Or even before. I'll talk to you. Okay. 
**Sai Bhaskar Devatha** *[53:27]*: S All the very best. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:29]*: Bye. Thank you so much. Take care. Thanks for your time again. 
