# Sanchit Agarwal and Aditya Raj Singh

**Meeting Date:** 7th Mar, 2026 - 5:00 PM

---

**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:00]*: Myself post which I think can have your introduction and the work and then probably we just lay out the problem statement. So I'm Aitra Singh. Right now I'm the co founder of Compete AI and prior to this I was working as a chief operating officer at super AGI. So we managed to scale the business to close to $2 million in ARR in close to three years. And yeah that's where I got exposed to a lot of things around how to create products etc and prior to that I was working with EXL and Fractal analytics in the data consultancy space where I was working with clients like Google Lending Club, et cetera, helping them on their business as business needs which could be solved by data science and data analytics. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:54]*: Yeah, so I graduated from it in 2016 and yeah that's been more or less my journey. Right over to you Sanchit. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[01:01]*: Yeah, I think more or less you and I have similar journey. I passed out in 2016. After that I moved into an ops job but I stayed with them for about a year. Scaled their business from 0 to 2 crores in a year but it was an ops job, I did not like it so I moved into consulting. I was with ZS Associates for 4 years. I helped fortune 500 clients like AbbVie Organ with their regional sales data, helped them improve their sales, help them improve their targeting. It wasn't a lot of data science I would say but it was more simple analytics. But the data sets are very large. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[01:52]*: Post that I moved into Cleartax as a product manager and I stayed with Cleartax for about 4 years helped them like rewrite the entire consumer GST product into a enterprise grade SaaS scaled from 1 million ARR to 10 million arrangements. Later on moved into a more strategic role in the platform team where I built the horizontal layer for any clear tax platform to integrate with any data platform like the SAP's, Oracle or the Microsoft of the world with the clear tax application for compliance or. Yeah, right now I'm heading the data platform team for Sequoia which is a US based brokerage firm building total compensation and benefits application on the data layer which they have. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:51]*: Okay, okay, understood, perfect. So let me just quickly lay down the problem statement that we are working on. So as you know that coding speed has increased, right? So with that product launches, the communication to the customers about each and every say new launch, etc. And the number of competitors also day by day will go up because people are losing their jobs, the conventional jobs and people are becoming more entrepreneur that ways and so there will be more startups and hence the era of disruption is probably here, right, where you'll see a lot of old companies like say Google Ads, right? That was a perfect business model broken down by chat, gpu, sudden arrival on the scene. So nobody predicted that, nobody knew that. So this disruption will happen more and more in the coming future. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:43]*: And that's where we want to kind of create a tool for B2B SaaS companies, right, to understand how their competitors are say taking steps, right. What are the changes that they're doing? What is the shift in their positioning messaging across like say one year, two year down the line like from say 2024 to 2026, what has been the change in their messaging, the keywords that they use, etc. Etc. So all of this and if you have noticed like the intelligence around competition stays in silos today, right? So the TA team will know, okay, what positions are they hiring in, wind geography, the product team will know more about the feature gap as well as say sales, right. Cs. And then the marketing team will be more focused on the positioning messaging, the word clouds that they're using, paid ads, etc. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:40]*: So we wanted to kind of create a platform, a system of records where we can have data points around the different things that I discussed and more basically the reviews around different platforms like G2 captor etc. So we want to bring all signals as a system of record and on top of that we want to create that intelligence layer which kind of say works as a multi agent system, consumes the data that we have kind of say ingested and then verified. And then on top of that is the prediction layer where basically the LLM, another LLM predicts on top of this intelligence that we have derived from the underlying data. So that's something that we are trying to do to give you more. Probably towards the end I can just show what we are started to build so that you get a sense. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:36]*: But yeah, I think I would like to open with the question around how often do you say drag competition, right. For your case. So your business is also B2B SaaS only, correct? 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[05:51]*: Yeah. So I have been part of the B2B SaaS teams only at Clear, also Clear as a consumer product, B2B SaaS product. I was part of the B2B SaaS team, even Sequoia, they have a service business and a B2B SaaS offering. So I'm part of the B2B SaaS team. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:10]*: Got it, Got it. Yeah. So perfect. If you can just let me know, like is there a need for you to even look at say custom competitors? And then if yes, how many competitors do you usually track? What at what frequency? 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[06:22]*: Probably so in every business I think there is a need to look at competition because competition keeps you grounded and it helps you understand where are you lagging or even if you are thinking in the right direction. So at Clear we used to aggressively track the big fours because the kind of customers we used to serve were directly in line with what big fours used to serve. At Clear we used to target any organization greater than 500 crores in revenue. So that's the market for big four as well. On top of it we used to track another org or another competition which had a SaaS offering called Signet. So at clear it was like four or five competitions, four or five players in the market which we used to track. At Sequoia it's slightly different. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[07:26]*: What Sequoia is trying to build has mostly been catered by service companies and now we are trying to build a SaaS around it. We do see very large players like SAP has its own platform called Workday or even I believe what was the name of the application, I'm forgetting. But very large players who comes with very large lock ins and very high cost of integration, they have such application but it comes with a very huge amount of learning curve. And then there are very, very small players like I guess comport is there or better up is there which are just trying to get into the market. So at sequel it's slightly different. What tracking competition helps me to get new ideas and some solutions as well on top of it. But yeah, we do aggressively track competition. There are certain ways to do it. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[08:37]*: Like I do my own market research, like in the days of, in the current days it's very easy to do it given you have perplexity, Claude and whatnot which can run very deep research. But these days we have automations which constantly crawls the competition's website, downloads their content, downloads their release notes, videos and then generates insights on top of it and then shares to the broader PM team. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:09]*: Okay, and how does this communication work? Is it via Slack or email? 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[09:14]*: So it happens via email. At Sequoia we don't use Slack, we have teams and it's slightly difficult to set up these automations with teams but yeah, these automations run on N and then we share it over email on a bi weekly basis. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:36]*: Okay, bi weekly, got it. And what are the parameters that on. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[09:42]*: Top of this I would Say I rely more a lot on my research. Like I run deep research every month for different competitions and try to see how it aligns with my roadmap or with the kind of discussions I am having with the users and the kind of problems I am able to find. What signals I am able to get, do they match with the competition, the bi weekly report. I feel sometime it gets very noisy because very large report and lot of information is there. It's very difficult to find signals in such reports. So I rely more on my deep research because it's very specific and I can ask my relevant questions to run the deep research on. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:40]*: Got it, Got it. So basically you have some sort of an infrastructure where you crawl and you get the data around that and then again you have your own set of say, prompts and like you do the reprices on top of that. Yeah, correct. Okay. Okay. And so right now, okay, any part of the process which you think can be still improved by AI even though you are using ChatGPT. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[11:05]*: So I still think like finding signals within the noise is where I am valuable. Like doing the grunt work of crawling, figuring out, getting the information, synthesizing it, something which we used to do at Clear as well, but used to take me days at least. And then after that I would be frustrated enough to find out the signals, but now I focus a lot on finding what the signals are. Where AI can get better is doing that given the context of work right now we are doing, given the context of what the platform can do and then like mixing it with the research. Is AI able to find the right signal? I right now don't see that happening. It still give you surface level answers as if we are trying to build it from scratch, but that's not the case. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:24]*: Got it. So what are the use cases or what are the things that you look into that report for or you make the AI deep research. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[12:33]*: So the kind of things what I look for is what are the new problems which the competition is trying to solve for. Okay. Although nobody says that, okay, in your release note, you're not going to say I will solve this problem in the release notes. It would probably be, okay, we are launching this feature Chat GPT never said that okay, we will solve deep research or what they said, okay, it can do tasks for you. So you read through that feature list or you read through that launch and you try to understand, okay, this is the kind of problem it gets, it can solve. Because I have the context of the problems I have in my bucket and I am Looking for some solutions out there and I see some solution out there and then I try to backtrack to the problem. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:29]*: Okay, okay. So basically you go and see them copy to an extent and try to understand how they are. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[13:38]*: Yeah, I think the copies help a lot because the marketing videos are mostly gimmick. It doesn't show you the entire product or mostly talks about what metrics it improves. Most of the time like 80% of the time my experience has been this only that whenever I go to any product website which has a similar product and I try to see a video, I expect that okay, they will show me the product, how the product looks like, but it's never the case. You mostly see a marketing video where some screens are there which are also not real and then they talk a lot but deliver less. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:29]*: Understood. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[14:30]*: Also the kind of things which help are testimonials. A lot of websites, a lot of competition have very good testimonials from their clients where they really talk about some deep problem statements that okay, at my OR were facing this problem, this was the issue this competition or this product came in and they solve this problem this way and it has improved our metrics to a certain extent. So those are very helpful. The reviews or the testimonies. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:07]*: Got it. So do you track on the websites only or on all the platforms etc. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[15:14]*: So when I personally do it, I go to the website, I go to different platforms, but I am not fully aware of how does this crawler truly works and what are different sources does it depend on? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:36]*: Okay, so the sources is something that you are probably not in control of to an extent. Right. That's where probably we can help. I'm just thinking out loud because we will have a curated set of say data points and any inference that we give will tie it back to the source from where the insight has come. What are the data points used to kind of create that insight? 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[16:01]*: Okay, I'm just trying to tie back to what you said. How is it different than what perplexity can do right now given a very decent quality prompt with the right amount of context. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:22]*: Okay, okay, so it depends on like what are you asking for? There are multiple things to look at competitors for. Right? Like you said, reviews, marketing, like content, SEO, aeo then what else? The whole product stack, feature metrics, feature gaps, etc. Right. Then pricing tier, feature getting, then thinking of the TA terms, right to talent acquisition. What are the jobs that are open? How does their org look like? So these are all part of the larger competitive intelligence that you seek, any company seeks. Now when you give it to a chat GPT, you have to incorporate all these different, what to say the departments that we are kind of trying to build. Right. And on top of that the mass works. So it can take a data point from say hiring needs, say 10 roles are open for AimLab engineers by a certain company. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:27]*: And then on the marketing side we see that, okay, they are positioning them for a launch. So we are really sure that they'll be launching in probably another six months. Right. You get a sense of that. So a, that multi agent system is designed in such a way that it can kind of say absorb all these different data points which are very sporadic and turn them into meaningful insights. That makes sense probably which humans would overlook when we do a chat GPT prompt. Yeah. So the data, like you only actually pointed out the control is not there on what resources are there. Right. And you cannot always tie back, although there is now there is like the sources are mentioned at times. Right. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[18:12]*: Yeah, I'll just stop you here. Like while I understand the kind of problem you said and the example you are putting forward, I have one very basic question. Whenever we again B2B SAS, I learned one thing is you need to understand who is your buyer and you need to understand who is your user. Because typically what when went out to sell at Clear or even at Sequoia, what we see is that the buyer Persona is vastly different with the user Persona at times like at 80% of the time you will see that the user doesn't care what the buyer has bought because buyer is buying it with a different mindset and the user has a different mindset. That in SaaS right now, like right now the market dynamics are changing with AI coming in. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[19:19]*: But typically before AI, SaaS was always looked upon as a productivity tool. And if you look at it from a user Persona point of view, they will find it as their replacement. So when went out to select Clear tags, were a GST or a compliance product, we would sell it to probably the CFO or the tax head who has a team of, let's say about three to four people who file their taxes every month. And if a SAS tool comes in which is very expensive, does it increase cost for the function or the CFO decides to just fire one folk six months down the line and just maintains the cost. Low number of folks, better productivity, better accuracy. So that's something very tricky to get a seat at the table with the user, with the buyer combined. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[20:22]*: So that is something which I Feel right now I'm not getting clarity with you. Who is going to be your buyer when the moment you try to bring multiple functions in that okay, as a product manager, let's say your buyer is going to be a CTO or a CPO of a tech company and a product manager would be your user. I am not able to wrap my head a lot around hiring decisions. While it may be important at some point in time, let's say every year I might want to know, okay, is anthropic OpenAI versus anthropic? Is anthropic hiring new AIML engineers or long horizon job engineers? Because that would give me clarity. But that would be once a year. I would not want to know it every month or every week or bi weekly. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[21:19]*: So I am not getting clarity on who is going to be your buyer. Well, probably a lot of people can use your product because it mixes different functions, brings insights from different functions. But I'm not also able to wrap my head around okay, what are different functions do I even need at a very high frequency? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:42]*: No, no, I think Valid question. So on the buyer Persona like we are thinking about the CEO's founders, right? They being the buyer more or less or CXOs at larger enterprise or mid market level. Right. And the user will be. So we want to cut through across the organization which is obviously like you said, it mostly should be a niche Persona. So PMM is where we are seeing that it is something that they require it on a daily level. They need to actually check the marketing team in general probably. Right. There's a new blog they need to know and if there's a change in keyword they need to know. So semrush etc do part of the job but you don't get a competitive view. Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:29]*: Like these five people are doing this, this and we are basically doing this so that across every aspect around the org is something that is not there. Now the other question comes. So I hope I answered the user and the buyer Persona question right because yeah, I think the most exaggerated case would be my friend here. He runs a company called Powerplay. So they are a SaaS app for construction workers. Okay. And the buyer Persona there would be somewhere in say DLF office in Delhi in a ac right. And the user Persona is someone who is a site worker. So it's vastly different. Right. And yeah, I understand that kind of say difference around that. That's where we are trying to wrap our heads. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:18]*: Whether the user Persona can be multiple, say product managers, product marketing managers, your Talent acquisition team etc or we should just focus on probably pitching it via the marketing team. Because marketing team is the most active in this space basically. Right? Yeah. So does that answer your question though. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[23:47]*: Like confusion. What I am able to gauge is. It was under CPO for about two, three years and then it went under CEO then it went under the cbo. So there's a very like it's an orphan function at times I feel. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:51]*: Correct, correct. And fair point. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[25:00]*: PMM actually uses a lot of tools. Pmmm is a cost function. Real value. How do you calculate the roi? Because at clear when we move the pricing from let's say 5 lakh average aspect to 20 lakh 25 lakh average ASP then it became very difficult to sell the product and it became very difficult to calculate the ROI to justify the roi. Difficult situation create products Nabix binary. Productivity expensive resource at any org it would be like 3035 lakh rupees minimum they would be paying 245 year experience P second I see is. At clear we did this and we failed miserably because we said. So that's what we did at clear At a later point in time that we will focus on large companies, any companies which is thousand crore and above because they have more or less similar problems and they have paying capacity. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[28:17]*: And they run on big legacy software like SAP, Oracle and things like that. And they have different problems other than compliance also. So we said okay, we'll build a horizontal which can stick onto any of their platform like SAP oracle or whatever. Get the relevant data and power the different verticals which we have created. Like we had a compliance vertical, GST via invoicing BE A notice B and all of that. And then we had a supply chain vertical job supply chain problem solved. Then we had A that governance vertical company secretariat and all of that. Everything needs some kind of data which is there in the underlying legacy software which is same SAP user Payments compliance Secretary. So which later on worked and eventually a lot of churn happened. But that churn was okay with us. Rather than make a C Choti company. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:07]*: Finally market ideally. And growth was fast, right? Enterprise. Say integrations, architecture discussions and then initially. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[30:40]*: Right SME. What I have seen and even people who came at clear attacks from the SME background they also had similar experiences. The problem with SME india, okay, I am talking about India. I don't. I'm not talking about other geographies and I believe you are trying to sell the product india. If it is for different market then it is absolutely different but what you will see india is that SMA. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:10]*: Doesn't want to pay many we have experienced that in our first product. Exactly. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[31:15]*: SMA doesn't want to pay. They want it to be free and even with the free product they are very demanding. And. Second SME relationship what I have seen at Clear Tax is with large organizations the CFOs we used to our buyers were CFOs and the tax heads and it's a very close knitted community. So as a bhat high possibility. So India market. And then they don't do good word of mouth it is going to be very tough. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:03]*: Fulfillment Karpara marketing basically email. And then they are like yeah marketing agency. Correct correct I think and probably India enterprise. So enterprise mid market but again and then. Yeah but I think initial traction that also works that's how we are going about it traction probably you never know so accordingly But I think fair point and let us kind of also think on this seriously in a month or two right. Signal if you would really want. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[34:53]*: See I as a product manager always try to look for key problem figure out given the bias we carry all the time given the ideas we have in mind. Real problem. But. Competition. Or sneak peek into. It's all about prediction compliance At Clear Tax I was able to predict. And I had seen like gst grow gst came in 2017 and gst stable 202021 jesse stable government. Coffee aggressively changes I was able to predict. Also had used to attend GST body. So prediction capabilities. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:19]*: So basically sorry sorry you can continue. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[37:33]*: Domain heavy business prediction. Fmcg may I still feel key it can still be done. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:09]*: Simple words. But then the competitor sorry. Core word in a product sense marketing. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[38:40]*: Backward problem create. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:48]*: I think backward hypothesis creation. Probably helpful Hoga if we can kind of say do that and if I. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[39:08]*: Have to say it very lame words. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:17]*: Correct correct understood and as a product manager. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[39:27]*: At Clear at Cleartext I used to do it I was doing everything I used to do sales I used to do GTM because I was there for a long time. So doing the product work was not a challenge for me because my roadmaps were there. I had good clarity on solutioning. I had a team which knew the system so building anything on top of it was not a challenge. So I used to spend a lot of time with GTM with sales. I used to go pitch to the customers be part of service team as well. So. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:10]*: Understood so as a product manager at least clear he suppose if you would have looked at so what we are trying to do again I forgot I think mentioned publicly available information right? So yes of invert data etc. Etc. Correct. Different platforms. For a sales team, right? Yeah. Fair product as simple as that. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[41:03]*: Yeah. See I'm trying to understand does this behavior exist? So this kind of behavior exists right now also in different shape and form. People might be doing a lot of work manually. People might be using some kind of tools for internal data scraping is a clean internal system integrate insights maybe your public Google pay available information. I don't know but company specific to support. Does the product creates a lock in or replace. If I take example of let's say quilt bot and Grammarly so Grammarly semi product. So quilt bot probably needs to figure out something which pushes me to break that lock in. Then am I just solving transient problems like I will say hiring company. I would say it's a transient problem. So for the kind of problem or the kind of product you said I believe the behavior exists. Lock in. Yeah. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[43:14]*: What is stopping any organization to probably let's say get glean and then provide it other data as well through some manner. And what are some of the deeper non transient problems you are solving. Then you will be able to figure out the right market also. That will probably give you certain primitives to build. Multi agent router. Anyways model but different organizations. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:49]*: We are trying to do based on your initial discussions. So this is just I think coming soon. So the things that are available. So this is more or less like the reviews dashboard. Okay so it's my basis G2 Cap Terra 5 platforms and for all the 6 competitors high radius and then we are able to see positive negative neutral. Kitna has got trend catch. All right quarter on quarter and top complaint. This is 25, 29% performance and bugs per year complaint here. So post this. But the idea is quarter and volume basically for the same average. Basically what was the number of reviews that were basically counted. And then we have the important topics on which probably the products are just on G2 capital Etc. So how many mentions of product have and performance integration. And it's my positive sentiment taking negative. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:34]*: It's more like NPS calculation. If it's positive then it will tend to 100 otherwise minus 100. So that's how we have kind of created this category level heat map sentiment heat map basically and then we have threater. Now this has to be obviously the bullet point but this is how we are looking at. Then you can go ahead and deep dive into each competition and in that then again this is work in progress. So this is more important. This is basically basis reviews. So usually reviews may more or less negative correct problems you can attack. This is for the sales team. This will feed into the sales section basically for them. And then it has intelligence around the pricing Kidney mentions like a positive negative and competitive advantages according to reviews. Okay, This is. This basically feeds into the number of reviews at times. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:18]*: Obviously customer. But same type of number of customers are more or less. After seeing this. And then it's my sales and marketing could be inputs. According to this. This is just for reviews. Then we have feature matrix. It's may basically what it will do. So for HRC and say they have a lot of products for FPNA module. What what are the total set of features across different competitors. So this gives you a union and you can go ahead and check. And this is obviously very long. And since it's for high radius. But Oracle Thrust Water. But then again any suggestions from your side Also how can we improve this? This is there. Then there's a gap analysis invoice management software. Why are we saying this? And who are basically doing better here. Right. And yeah. Then this is basic. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[49:36]*: This is not from the review feature tab. This is more around the marketing. This will be shifted later on and over here positioning Black line versus Versa pay versus Anna plan. Right. And we'll make that layer where it also kind of categorizes it into categories and then key messages pain points over promises buzzwords. So this is more around the computer messaging and branding. Then we have integration coverage integration landscape integrate. Usually I can create this over Google sheets. But then again if they launch something then this does not get updated. And I'll have to find out though simple sub point. Yeah please you want to say something? 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[50:37]*: I will tell you while I look at this for the first time. It looks very exciting. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[50:45]*: It looks. Sorry. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[50:46]*: It looks very exciting. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[50:47]*: Okay. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[50:48]*: To be very honest, I'll tell you the problem with large companies is. High radius whatever high frequency review daily level pay product change. Even if you look at features or integration coverage or whatever. These things change over three months four months enterprise deployments. Usually enterprises saps of the world. They do like deployments once in six months enterprise grade production as a product manager daily. Or information. Similar. He viewed it. Now it becomes my responsibility to figure out. At some point in time customer success team probably will also become a user group. SDR user group. You are spreading out too thin. User Persona. You will start getting a lot of requests. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:50]*: Makes sense. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[54:12]*: A very good feature I believe but it's like a competitive analysis which is not going to change probably in six months or nine months once I do it's done. It's like a play card for me Pricing may changes integration coverage feature metric enterprise product. Please don't. Fine. I'm not good with words but for a lack of better word it feels like. And for a competition let's say high radius. High radius, Exactly. I was also going to say the same thing deep research strong. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[56:07]*: I get your concern. I understand what you're saying for a product manager pricing. Mindset if you think about enterprises pricing to expose many regard times right so that won't be a high frequency thing enterprise. Already any suggestions from your side. I'm just thinking out loud. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[56:58]*: Definitely I think please feel free to ping on LinkedIn Email ID we can. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[57:07]*: Talk more like sure let me also yeah I think thank you for taking out time and I'll ping you probably sooner or later. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[57:15]*: Yeah absolutely Even if you want to just jam at point in time feel. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[57:20]*: Free to talk best okay Milta MF Sanchit for sure Hannah in the coming weeks okay thank you so much have a good day. 
**Sanchit Agarwal** *[57:28]*: You. 
