# Shaswat Sinha and Aditya Raj Singh

**Meeting Date:** 10th Feb, 2026 - 4:00 PM

---

**Shaswat Sinha** *[05:42]*: Hey. Hi. I'm sorry for being late. I was on a call with someone. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:46]*: Hey. Hi. Good evening. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[05:50]*: Good evening. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:52]*: How are you? 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[05:53]*: I'm good. I'm sorry because I was on another call, hence I was a bit late. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:00]*: Issue on that. Perfect. So let me start off with my quick introduction and then probably we can have yours and lay down the problem statement as well. So I am Singh. I am a graduate of IT Roorkee of 2016. And in my previous role I was working as a chief operating officer at an AI company called Super AGI. We had SC the business from zero to more than $2 million and we had raised close to $14 million. Prior to that I was working with EX analytics and Fractal analytics and there I was serving clients like Google Lending Club, etc. Consulting them on data analytics and data science. And. Yeah, so right now I'm currently like working on a product basically around competitive intelligence. So what I mean by that is today the data is siloed with different teams. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[07:04]*: So customer success team will have idea into like what in the product is not working for the customer or probably what were the old ROI that they were getting. Right. The sales team will know a little bit of the objections firsthand, like why someone is opting some other tool. Then product team will have the feature gap analysis, etc. Right. And the product marketing team will have snippets into the headlines and the positioning on the website, the messaging on the website. Right. And then again there will be some team knowing about reviews on G2, Capter, etc. So we want to kind of bring it down one platform where we create a system of records where we have the data and intel about your competitors for like say the last 112 years. Right. And we compare that and basically see the trend around it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[08:00]*: And once we have that system of records, we want to kind of build predictive intelligence on top of that. So for example, what I mean by that, we're working with, on a PSC with High Radius. So. So an insight that is coming is that they are going to launch an AI product soon. Why? Because there has been patrons that have been filed. There have been AIML engineers that they have hired in the last three months. Right. And their positioning on their website has also incorporated AI language. So hence this prediction comes. And once this prediction comes for all the competitors of say High Radius, right. What can be the next strategic steps? So the end buyer will be any like company which wants to kind of see the competitive landscape. Right? Right. From Sales, marketing, product, etc. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:00]*: And yeah, so that's where I want to kind of ask you about how often do you say, look at your competitors. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[09:08]*: How, how what? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:10]*: What is the frequency of it and probably the process. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[09:14]*: So like, I have one question. Like you talked about high radius, right. So this must be operating in a certain domain that it caters to. It has specific list of customers and it has n number of companies who also have that same pool of customers. And for your product, the ideal customer would be those n number of companies, right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:37]*: No, it will be any Nth company or the first company. Right. And in their perspective, what they should be doing for the competitors in their space. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[09:46]*: But how do they find the competitors? Like if I purchase the product that you're building and my company deals only in supply chain and logistics. So for me the relevant data would only be from companies who work in the same domain of supply chain and logistics, right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:01]*: Correct, Correct. So basically on the product you'll have to go, you have to obviously via your work email, either we can fetch your domain, right. We get to know which company is this and then you add a list of competitors that you want to track. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[10:13]*: Okay. So you will first have to build a database of all the companies domain wise, and you will be tracking what each company is doing. And based on that, the predictiveness will happen that what you can do better. Once your client has entered their details of what their company has done so far, what they want to do, you will give them a prediction of this is how the steps others are taking and these are the steps you can take in order to match or surpass them. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:42]*: Right? Correct. Correct. To an extent. Correct. Yeah. So basically they'll have to obviously the company we can get right now which competitors we want to kind of target is your call. You can enter their URLs and website and we'll try, we'll get the intelligence around it. Right. From like say there. Yeah. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[11:00]*: From a customer point of view. I think that first of all, if I am starting a company and I'm already, I will have a definitive idea of who my competitors are. Right. Like I don't need to ask a Swiggy employee that who your competitor is. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:14]*: No, no, it's for Swiggy to track all their competitors. Like what Zomato is doing. Right. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[11:21]*: At who their competitors are. That's what I'm telling. But as a company, I will know that who my competitor is. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:27]*: Correct? Correct. You will know. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[11:29]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:30]*: It's not for people who are starting up. It's for already established Companies which are like say doing north of $1 million or something. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[11:39]*: Okay, is there anything else that the user will be able to perform on your platform or. It's just they will be receiving information based on the data that they have fed into the system and what we have already fed into the system. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:56]*: So that will come later. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[11:57]*: Probably first we'll be just focusing on giving them information and they can take. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:03]*: Because collating all those data sources right across the web, you have to also verify it whether it's correct or not. So there are a lot of steps there. Once we have that, probably we can think of doing the last mile at least integrating with specialized players. If you have a WordPress integration, we can integrate with that. And if you approve these changes on the website, it can be directly done. Right, so that can come later. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[12:30]*: Yeah, it's a very heavy DevOps for that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:33]*: Yeah, Correct. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[12:35]*: Okay, so what do you want from me in all this? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:39]*: Yeah, so basically I wanted to understand how do you currently track your competitors, how often and what is the process? 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[12:45]*: Okay, so see, basically how I plan about it is that I first decide what the unique economics for my product is. How the. For example, when I joined bluehost, the shared hosting vertical only had three clients on it. Basic, Advanced and Pro. And no other plan was there. Now after I did some competitive research, I found out that Goradi Hostinger, they were selling at least seven to eight plans on the shared hosting profile itself. Now how that helped them was that they had a wider pool of options to the customers. Now what might. One might think that this would, you know, confuse the end customer of which is the ideal plan to buy. But they also back that with a Cody AI assistant who would help you which plan is best for you based on your requirements. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[13:37]*: So I implemented the similar format on bluehost. We divided, we created a total of seven plans. Three for standard performance and four for high performance plans. Now this was one thing that I got through competitive research because. And this really worked because when this happened, we noticed that earlier all the three plans were running on unlimited storage. So people were literally exploiting the base plan just by storing data on the cloud. And since we moved to a cloud, right it we tapped those and at least 22 to 25% of the clients who were on the basic move to the premium plan. So that was a chunk of revenue that straight away got added. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[14:19]*: And since now the plans are bifurcated based on the storage, so as a user enters, they see what plan to buy and the user is, you know, going for the correct plan rather than for the cheapest plan. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:33]*: Understood. Now, because we have added that layer of segmentation within the categories, correct? 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[14:39]*: Yes, exactly. So shared hosting itself has seven plans. And based on the pricing for that was something that were lucky with because our partnership with Oracle was there and were able to. And one more marketing game that you can do is for whichever plan you have the maximum potential, right. The maximum margin that was always highlighted as recommended. And even if it is not recommended, we always made sure that it showed the banner of recommended. And most people use this giving it a certain percentage. These many people have purchased this in the last month. Something like that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:19]*: Understood. No, that makes sense. Yeah. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[15:22]*: Particular plan had the highest value proposition. So by what I mean is that if I am moving from plan A to B and there is a 20 increase in the outputs that I'm getting, right? And when I'm moving from B to C and C is my recommended plan, that gives me the highest margin on the ROI. So in that case my B2C shift of value proposition would be the highest. So that jump of price is also mapped to the client's mind, that if there's a 10 increase, I'm getting 100GB space, but now when the increase is $20 and getting a 400GB increase in space, so that directly connects that just a marketing gimmick, but it works 90% of the time for sure. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:13]*: Got it. So basically this is an insight that you got from pricing, like checking for the other competitor. And that's where you kind of incorporated more layers into your pricing tiers. Do you also like. Like when you did the analysis, right? Say certain tier out of those seven plans, certain would have some features and if there's a change between that, are you able to track it? 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[16:39]*: I did not get your point. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:42]*: So say now that you have seven tiers, there will be some feature, say in tier one. So if you move that tier feature from tier one to tier two, does that change is something that you regularly monitor or you see happening a lot? 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[16:58]*: I see for your question. In my case, particularly for hosting, if I am offering something in a lower tier and it does not get removed in the higher tier, it just gets upgraded. So whatever is offered in the lower tiers are always put in the higher tiers. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:16]*: Okay, same. Same goes for the competitor also. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[17:20]*: Yes, because in hosting you cannot, you know, remove that unless and until say what we can. One thing that you. One thing in hosting that we can do is that if we offer you 100gb of SSD space. Maybe in the higher plan offer you only 50gb, but that would be of NVME category. So you see, I reduce the space, but I increase the speed. I give you an NVME hard disk that might be happening, but I don't see that as I increase the plan. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:52]*: I'm just on the pricing page here. So save the staging site. Right. Right now you have it and your competitor is. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[18:04]*: Hostinger is the pioneer, I would say in hosting at the moment. And mice ahead of everyone. Good idea. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:12]*: Everyone. Okay. Okay. So if I just open the pricing of these guys. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[18:22]*: We'Ll have to select which hosting you want to. So you are on the correct plan. Web hosting. Just scroll down. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:30]*: Okay. Yeah. So in this save they change. Is there anything that can be changed? So here like enjoy maximum web speed. So if they shift it to this one. Right, right. Do you track this? Does it happen often? 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[18:48]*: See, the tracking of this is happening via AW stats and the website speed. And these are generally things that always run on time. So even if you go to the lower plan, this is just a way of increasing the value proposition because everything will be running on the correct uptime. Because all of this is hosted on cloud. Again, to work when the servers was physical over there, this was a point. But when you scale it, you know, horizontally on a cloud surface, then this is not something that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:24]*: Okay, understood. My larger point here is basically say for any of these, right. Or say this 20hp if they change it to 15gb. So do you track this on an. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[19:36]*: Ongoing basis or this is not tracked, but this is flagged. Now if I make the changes to a particular, say tier 2 plan over here of 20gb and further on, someone buys it and I ship it to 15gb. So that will be only for the new customers. I cannot do that. For the old customers who have commented that I'll give you 20 GB. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:58]*: Correct? Correct. Correct. Correct, Correct. So what I'm saying is say your competitor hostinger changes this to 10. So do you track this changes like they are? 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[20:07]*: No. Now I think that we can do a simple AI agent who would just scrape this one particular website once a day and give you the changes that would be very much easy now. So. But that's a good thing that you said. If you are doing a competitive analysis, this is one thing that I think that you should definitely have. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:29]*: Because if. What if they just change this to five websites? I'm just saying like any changes for that matter, right on this whole web page and if you are able to kind of, you get alerted probably the next day, morning. Right. If we do it even once a day, if we check that. So it's better than getting to know about it probably a week later, right? 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[20:49]*: Exactly. No, and even the structuring of this won't be that difficult because however this is hosted the key value parameters, the value only changes the key I don't think would change. So you can even get the. With the A agent, the exact thing that has changed from what it has. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:10]*: Correct, correct. That was my question basically here. So that will be probably helpful. Right. Because there are so many tiers, so many features and space, etc. Right. There are multiple parameters like you said and. Okay, got it. So, and how on an average how many computers are you tracking? Hostinger is obviously the market leader, but apart from that. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[21:35]*: So I generally when I used to work at Bluehost I was looking after hostinger GoDaddy. That's it. GoDaddy for mostly the website builder part because they have a pretty good website builder, not at Guzith Hostinger but definitely better than Bluehost. That was something only two computers were fine and for B2B you like there's resolution in node, things like this. But B2B was a very minute like I would hardly say 10% of the platform that I manage. So not take too much attention. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:14]*: Understood. And do you also track say review somewhere reviews? 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[22:22]*: We don't track it. So basically at bluehost we had a customer success team that was only for this. So if any major issue or bug used to happen, we used to get notified and take the steps accordingly after that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:36]*: Thank you. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[22:39]*: I left bluehost in December. So yeah, last that were working, the last project that I touched was for the agentic workflow only in which what you are telling those parts were somewhat capable of like the agent would be able to do a competitive research if you asked it to. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:01]*: Understood. Understood. Okay. Okay. And so right now real time monitoring, does it impact say your teams and like specifically product teams? I would say because the marketing team definitely needs it. Right. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[23:24]*: I won't say in my case because the thing when I was working at bluehost was that the engineering team was sitting india. Sorry, the engineering team for bluehost was sitting in USA and the product team was india. So were quite efficient in making the most out of the time difference where they used to publish the changes during our working time. We used to make the PR changes accordingly the cycle used to work. So I won't say that real time thing mattered to me. And if I talk about the product team also in general I think that the real time only magnets like it's important to the DevOps and to some front end engineers who should be on call for anything. If they bridge scale of one to five. I would say two and a half. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[24:15]*: If as a PM real time monitoring was something that I and say for. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:21]*: Product launches, say some component launch or feature launch. How would you track that? 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[24:29]*: Yeah, so for that we already when I create a PR I make sure that we have the metrics or its success first already in hand with me. So that properly on a day to day basis. Because all the metrics new users the Google track analytics works fine over there. So those numbers you can get. But as you say that was done by the data team on Tableau. They used to enter it and then I used to see what the changes are, how it looks. But a real time of analytics dashboard sort of thing that I don't think that would be useful. But not so much useful that I would buy the product for your stuff. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:10]*: Okay, so you are also a little bit involved in the say JTM activities or at least the messaging etc. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[25:17]*: Yeah, so my role was right from ideation to execution. And while execution we also during the time of execution what the main purpose was with the marketing team, we used to get what we need to promote so that we could create the product requirements in such a way that the marketing needs are fulfilled. This comes in between itself because even before the launch of the product on the product service we release an email to all the existing clients who will be affected about the changes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:49]*: Okay, and for this do you also say look at the. Does the marketing team along with you look at the messaging etc. How are they marketing it versus how you were thinking? 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[26:02]*: So since bluehost is a global brand and it's across all the almost every country. So we have GTM strategies they used to showcase what they are about to send to their customer base in that region. It was just that as a product manager I had to overview and see if all the technicalities are conveyed properly or not. So that was my goal. And in collaboration how we worked was that I made sure that they are, you know, showing everything that is important that the feature release has for the customers and how to use it. And their. Excuse me, their point of view was how to tackle the customers appropriately in that region. Because see, when you want to tackle someone india, hashtags and taglines that Zomato use is works very amazingly good. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:53]*: Right? 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[26:53]*: But when you move to the MENA region or say Dubai and UAE over there. You have to be very strict and concrete and very professional. You can't use those slogans that you use over here india. So that is leaders of different, you know, regions come into picture because how to information to the customer, that is also a very important part. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:15]*: And do you also like say compete say do you also check which features are probably the differentiators in a particular geography? 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[27:25]*: Yeah, definitely. So for that what you like what I did was we have around 50,000 customer connects on a daily basis. Right. And the customer success team was kind enough to already have that segmented in category wise. Like these are the errors for domain, these are the errors for DNS etc. Now my job as a product manager was that I created like a sort of a link that as a user when I joined, first thing I do is DNS. Next I do his name server. So whichever in that whole journey till his execution on live a website, wherever the problems were occurring, those were my fixed points key. I have to work on this. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[28:06]*: And based on that we created the value proposition of the offerings that this is something that if the setup for the email is taking say five minutes for almost 80% of the clients and fixing that and showing that becomes my first priority is this I already take care of 80% of the problems. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:27]*: Understood? Understood, Got it. So you would map the whole journey and then probably understand where are the drop offs or why is it taking so much time. Okay, so this would be more inward focus rather than comparator. Right? 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[28:44]*: This would be more result driven for you. Because as a product manager I can't only give a hypothesis this will work because they worked for you. But this is internal data that we're talking about. People are generally concerned about this particular problem respective of what the other users are doing. You have already existing customers from. So fixing those problems from the direction is very concrete when you have the relevant internal data for it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:12]*: And there are different teams for different regions like say pms. Also PMS are central and then verticals. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[29:21]*: So I was looking after Shadow Spring, There is a PM who looks after VPs, PM who looks after dedicated and V3 report to the Vice president of hosting and then he reports to vice cheaper officer who takes care across all the obstacles of hosting. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:41]*: Understood. So basically the products hosting is one part definitely. Right. Then there is something called website tools, email hosting. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[29:49]*: Those are different verticals, those are upselling verticals. So like the AOP that I had for customer was $17 out of that 38% to 40% came from upselling that was mapped throughout the customer journey in such a way that people generally started buying it during the time of first purchase only or they used to claim that offer or the first 30 days it's free. But before the 30 days ends they always used to pay and get the email subscription. So that was a part of user journey that. Where do we put this particular. For example website name server to DNS configuration back end per time approximately 1 minute to 90 seconds. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[30:37]*: What were doing earlier was screen used to freeze and as a user I don't know because one minute is a nowadays a huge time website people started refreshing in order to make that problem go away. What we did was we started selling them upselling products over there itself. We could sell that, add this SEO tracker on your website for free for first month and 140 for the next month doing so. And then so many customers have done this. So what I am doing that in that one and half minute I am not only engaging the customer with me but also upselling why you should buy this and how it has helped other people. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:35]*: So basically your metrics are getting more acquisitions onto the platform. Absolutely. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[31:45]*: That's a major product. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[31:47]*: Got it. So all these tactics along the whole like onboarding process where can you do and probably later on also. Yeah. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[31:55]*: During the customer journey. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:01]*: Understood so much. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[32:02]*: Yeah, got it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:05]*: Yeah. So probably I think it was time to show you something that. Right. We are already over time. It's okay, right? For Python. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[32:17]*: So I left my job because I wanted to do a startup. So I'm working on that only mostly. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:27]*: Got it. What startup are you working on? 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[32:35]*: So I put up in Jamshedpur with my parents. Have you. Have you heard of Tata Steel? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:41]*: Yes, I stay. I used to stay in Asensol nearby. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[32:50]*: We have been living over there for past 60 years. So last year, last to last year my father retired and he took an early retirement and he started a venture named Technosynergence where he provides consultancy and maintenance for almost 7 to 8, 700 to 800 small scale industries that only cater to Tata Steel. I have been work from home. So the Papaka business started. So there were a lot of gaps. And people are not really, you know, willing to pay 25k or 30k for Salesforce. So I just created a tool for small scale business factories. Just selling that software. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:49]*: Nice, nice. Very, very nice and very. I think. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[33:58]*: Will be more. Instead of that showing them a proper view. If you allow I can show you the demo of it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[34:44]*: We can Just hop onto that also. So this is just a report that we have created. Right. And it gives you obviously this is more. This is basically linear team Galia versus Jira and Asana. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[35:00]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[35:01]*: So positioning is mid market for linear. Right. And this is their own basically response pricing here. Right. So linear versus Jira versus Asana. If you play around with this you can see okay.56 user skill. This is karma comparably expensive. Right. And then just come right. So free plan unique advantage limitations, parities. Right. And similarly comparable tiers and accordingly. 16. So for that segment deficiency. Right. Then there is something around say G2 cap reviews and this is time based we can filter it out for 90, 180 days etc and plenty of strategic recommendations key. You can add this to your plus tier and raise to 14. Okay. And evidence. Different different teams. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[36:48]*: This is something that the marketing team has to look after. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:09]*: Pricing companies they advise these enterprises they tell them price. Then to check that profitability analysis if it makes sense or not they send it as a survey to their customers. Do you want to buy or not? So survey. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[37:50]*: To the end user in this format. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:55]*: Is it possible also or not possible. And then you have to analyze and is AI analyzing something that humans cannot Tabohan Delta. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[38:06]*: The delta that you're talking about AI help but it's my efficiency Kabayana. Within minutes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:14]*: The other kind of report basically we are seeing if it can work together or not. So that is different. What I was saying is the hiring signal. Right. Usually sentiment, Positioning, drift black line but build trust acquisition Kia they have changed. They have partnered with Varkiva Black line. Right. So yeah this is more like. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[40:05]*: E commerce product players. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:14]*: There are tools like please. But E commerce specifically both these saturated. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[41:08]*: Bangalore. Last1 the public IQ that was the company's name. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:28]*: What is the name of the product? 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[41:30]*: Public queue public. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:36]*: Free open source assessment. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[41:48]*: The economy. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[42:39]*: Among this. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[42:50]*: I will charge you based on how many products have you added. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[42:55]*: I think pricing. Willingness to pay I think obviously back end tokens use OGA then scraping APIs. Probably we are trying enterprises and we'll also get a sense. And then we can see fast PLG growth in validation. Initially sales we are able to get two, three clients paying us. Then I think that will be a good start to build the product. Then. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[43:53]*: How fast you can implement or blockers tackle over. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:05]*: The system of records in say B2B SAS that's where we are kind of trying to find the niche and pricing exposed. As for bluehost perfect sense make extra feature pricing. And secondly basically the whole point is humans. Alerts and monitoring. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[45:01]*: In order to get into the market up ideas. That's very good but unless and until. With everything evolving so fast. I used to do front end development College. Progress. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:30]*: Correct. Basically he works at a company doing north of 10 million and they are basically serving these IT companies india. It's not as simple as just telling GPT mostly. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[46:52]*: Definitely see as a product manager market research before AI after a market research. I'm already halfway through. But this software if I start using this I feel that instead of starting from 5 on 10 I will start with a 7.5 on 10. I will be very much sure about the metric that I want to focus on. GPT gives me a set of options I have to figure out because chat. Company onboard profile definitely. 2.5 thus prompt Kobi trigger Yes as a product manager but I would still look out for more teams to be helped out of this. And that sale is something that my product can take care of. Then it would be a very good overall 9110 tool but I would say 7.5 to 8. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:49]*: Willingness to pay good to have for sure. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[49:03]*: That you would like to work on. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[49:17]*: And feature gap analysis total market. Experiences maybe launch right. And across the industry SRA features or a computer does that also help? 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[49:39]*: That could also be helpful now but again. You related with your company then you give them a very directional answer. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[49:54]*: Correct? Correct. Paramount. You have to obviously compare it with yourself. So. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[50:01]*: Obviously this speaks about my particular user. A to b or b to c. So that would be very helpful. It's just me approving yes or no and making my new changes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[50:47]*: Apart. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[50:50]*: Suppose chart plan say A, B, C or D in terms of feature storage increase. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:01]*: Okay okay. Got it. Got it. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[51:04]*: Price 4% increase. But the profitable SKU suppose third. Yes. Second so I want to make sure first of all or secondly just lower tiers benefit in terms of upgrades of plans. For that plan to work with the nine got it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:44]*: And jargons to be focused. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[52:02]*: And that again what you need to mention customer data. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[52:07]*: That's what they are saying about it. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[52:15]*: What do you want to build? I want to build a website. Next question. How many blogs what space are you looking at? Storage care Storage care speed so you will get to know. And this will also be very product specific dedicated hosting. But dedicated my DB book client. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:13]*: Got it. And would love to stay connected and probably ask for feedback ongoing basis probably later on also. Right. Thank you so much for taking our time again. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[53:58]*: You're india. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[54:00]*: I've come back I've come back and yeah, I'm in Bangalore right now. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[54:04]*: Okay. Okay. December, January. I'm just working on that multi level architecture staging environment. Here. I will start. He has been here for 32 years. Almost. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[55:03]*: Constant revenue source. And then you are free to do a lot of other things. And wish you best of luck. That's how I also know that. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[55:41]*: Private VPs charcoal 30 GB 600 per monthly plan. But just for trial based system. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[56:14]*: At times. But probably India. Look out to the ni. But then again. And then let's discuss on an ongoing basis. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[57:05]*: That would mean a lot or. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[57:34]*: I think we'll stay connected on WhatsApp also. Right. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[57:39]*: And I've also said that public. These are. These guys are also set up in Bangalore. I know him personally. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[58:01]*: Have a good day. Thank you so much. 
**Shaswat Sinha** *[58:06]*: Welcome. Bye. 
