# Siddharth and Aditya Raj Singh

**Meeting Date:** 10th Feb, 2026 - 7:00 PM

---

**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:00]*: Hey. Hi, siddharth. Good evening. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[00:11]*: Hello. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:12]*: Hello. Hi Siddhartha. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[00:17]*: Am I audible properly? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:19]*: Yeah, you're audible. You're audible. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[00:21]*: Okay. Unfortunately I won't be able to switch on a camera because my laptop doesn't have. Before we start, you worked at Super Agent? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:37]*: Yes. Yes. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[00:39]*: For how long? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:41]*: Close to four years. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[00:44]*: Close to four years. Yeah. Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[00:50]*: Do you know somewhere? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[00:52]*: I actually joined Super EJ but I had to due to personal reasons, I had to leave January end. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:01]*: Oh, is it? Okay? When did you join? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[01:04]*: In January itself. So. Okay, okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:07]*: Yeah, got it. No, that's like full circle. Okay, awesome. Where are you located right now? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[01:17]*: I'm in Bangalore 1. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:18]*: Okay, perfect. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[01:20]*: Perfect. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[01:22]*: Yeah. So quickly I'll just introduce myself. Singh graduated from IIT Roorkee 2016 post which primarily I've been working in the field of AIML for the last nine years. In my prior like stint I was the chief operating officer at Super AGI and we managed to scale the business to from 0 million to basically close to 1.52 million. And yeah, we have raised around $14 million. When I was there. Prior to that I was working with practical analytics and ex analytics primarily as a data science and data analytics consultant for Google and Lending club which were some of the clients. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:09]*: So yes, I'm started my own kind of say startup right now and we are working around competitive intelligence and that's where I want some feedback from YouTube on like how do you conduct competitor analysis, what is the frequency, how often do you do that and what's the process? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[02:33]*: Okay, got it. I mean nice. That is nice. That is an amazing journey. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[02:39]*: Thank you. Yeah. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[02:40]*: Yeah. Okay, I'll give a quick intro about myself as well. So. I have done PGDM and marketing and operations. Along with that in graduation I've done BCA. I started my career back in 2011. It started as a developer but then moved to operations after my PGDM. Right. Been working continuously since 2014 into product based companies. Right. For the past before joining super aj but I was associated with SAS Labs. It's in cloud telephony space. And my specifically that the part that I was focusing on was integrations and APIs. More sort of a technical PM side of it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:32]*: Right. Okay. Okay, got it. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[03:35]*: Yeah. Currently I'm not working anywhere. Looking out for a. Looking out for a change. Looking out for what's next out there. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:46]*: Understood. So at SAS Labs you were primarily handling the integrations you're seeing. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[03:50]*: Right? Integrations and APIs. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:52]*: Mostly the. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[03:53]*: The platform side you can say understood. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:56]*: And basically kind of getting the partnerships through the line and kind of integrations. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[04:04]*: Right, right, correct. Partnerships early. So again, it was a new. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:11]*: Not the GTM partnerships I was mentioning. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[04:13]*: The tech partnership, basically the tech partnerships. Correct. But yeah, last year I was promoted to Lipian and I was asked to lead the partnerships team as well. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:22]*: Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[04:23]*: So yeah, we realized it late as a Aug that partnerships matters when we are building integrations. So were building the partnerships channel as well. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:36]*: Got it, got it. Awesome. I think then you should have insights into like say competitor. Right. So at SaaS labs, so were you also kind of say checking on competitors, trying to see what they're doing, the messaging changes, the product launches, feature gap analysis, pricing tiers, etc. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[04:59]*: Not all of it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:01]*: Okay. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[05:02]*: But speaking specifically about integrations. Yes. I was doing a lot of competitive analysis on that front. But I believe, you know, competitor analysis, what I observed or what I learned over the four years is that, you know, every product has its own niche. Right. Has its own moat. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:24]*: Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[05:26]*: So instead of like I used to focus on competitive analysis, but I quickly, I over the time I pivoted from looking at what competitors are doing towards what customers are asking. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:45]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[05:46]*: So marketing is a different game. No. Which kind of customers you are focusing on might be your customers are not focusing on those customers. Right. So what you are bringing in, what your sales success or whatever your marketing is kind of customers they are bringing in, we have to cater to them because again, we have to drive the adoption acquisition and all. Right. So I started serving those customers what were they asking and whether that aligned with our goals and objectives or not. Right. So not 100% pivot, but some percentage of my analysis went into that area as well. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[06:31]*: For sure, for sure. Definitely. Customer, pain point, customer, basically first, who is the customer? Customer, your journey, identifying pain points, then bridging it back and then seeing whether they're willing to pay for that. That's the whole cycle. For sure, that is important why we are thinking of this because right now entrepreneurship is say something that is very what to say out there in the market and people have to do it at times. Right. Because companies lay off, etc. Etc. So many things are happening so that is there. And availability to AI helps you build products also very fast. Right. And the code changes can be pushed like say in a matter of two to three days, which used to take three, four weeks before. Correct. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[07:17]*: So in that case, do you think that probably the importance of competitive analysis basically increases because say Google, right. They were focusing on the customers, they Knew their Google search was working, but then suddenly ChatGPT came out of the nowhere and not exactly in the category also. Right, but it disrupted their Google Ads revenue. Correct. So in today's market where there's so many startups coming up trying to build new things with the help of AI incumbents and basically large companies have also started kind of pivoting and kind of seeing what the competitors, new players are doing. So previously used to be the startups will look up to the market leader, right, as the North Star. Now it's happening in reverse also if you think about it, right, so exactly. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[08:13]*: Are you thinking in terms of competitive analysis? Like what exact analysis are we doing? Like what is the outcome that you're providing out of your product? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[08:24]*: Okay. Okay. So basically what we are trying to, so what we observed previously is that so including my time at Super Easy is that computer intelligence is what to say siloed in different departments with different teams, right? The TA team will know, okay, my competitor hiring these certain profiles, right? Say on the AI side, on the customer success side, sales side, in a particular geography, etc. Etc. That is one type of intel, then you'll have your product teams, right? You will want to know, okay, what is the feature gap for me versus my competitors, right? If there's a product launch I should be notified. The marketing team needs to know whether the messaging around the website in totality has changed probably over the last one year. What new landing pages are coming up, what Persona is it tracking? Are we into that? Right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:18]*: And for your sales and customer success team, basically it also helps you kind of see the different what to say, the battle cards etc, right for them. So we are trying to kind of collate all of this data publicly inform, publicly available data and not basically anything propriety. And what we're trying to do is we are trying to kind of build a system of record where you kind of get to see. So like how we have in not still not went ahead and built the product as yet, but the idea is around so you entering the signup flow, right? We fetch your company details and post that you add your competitors that you want to track and then we fetch their details, right? From websites to G2 reviews to Gartner to Reddit, social listening across LinkedIn etc. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:14]*: Positioning reps or so basically the whole spectrum, right? And we are kind of trying to create that, curate that database system of records for the whole company to look at, right? And then once that is there, we'll ask AI to kind of say bring out strategic intelligence around like what the computer might be up to next. Right. So we are doing a POC with High Radius right now. And what we observe, one of the things is that they are kind of thinking of a product launch. AI product launch. Right. And what is the evidence backing that? Basically they have acquired a AI company, they have filed few AI patents. Right. They have what to say, hired close to 8,9ml engineers in the last quarter. Right. And then again their messaging on the website has shifted to automation, autonomous finance. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:15]*: So all these different evidences, like scattered across the web point to the direction that yeah, they will be launching. So a competitor of High Radius should be more or less be aware of this and if needed they should be doing something about it. Right. So at SuperAsia you might have seen that, I think when you would have like entered the pricing was module by module, correct? Different module, different pricing. Yeah. So I think I, I basically had to leave around October because of my back issue. So at that time were kind of thinking more on the credit based and for the whole platform. Right. We'll give everything for say the entry into the platform for free and then you can test it out and kind of work your way with the credits and the credit gets consumed. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:10]*: As soon as probably tokens are getting consumed, lead is getting fetched. Right. Multiple different ways for the credits consumption to happen. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[12:18]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:19]*: Right. So now this shift, right now if we go to Super AGI's pricing page, I think we have again tweaked it somehow. So this transition across say the last six months. Right. It might be, it is important for a lot of other customers, a lot of other competitors, what to say. Right. Who are operating in this space. So yeah, that's what we are kind of say trying to build here. Right. So system of records on top of that, your system of intelligence, both predictive and recommendations part. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[12:55]*: Got it. So basically whatever new they are doing, whatever a business or competitor, whatever pivot they have, they are doing, or whatever pricing changes or whatever business change, something new that they have come up, anything that you come up with. So you basically gather insights from different channels like G2, LinkedIn to name a few. Right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:20]*: Yeah. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[13:21]*: And from there you provide your intelligence and stuff, right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:25]*: Yeah, more or less broadly that. So there are intermediate layers of other things also. So agent framework has to be designed in a particular way to bring out proper insights, etc. But yeah, and data collection, data validation is also part of it. Right, but yeah, that's more or less the kind of say what we are trying to do. So hence wanted to understand like more around your experience. Have you felt the need for such a tool? Probably at the end of the call I'll just show you a report, draft report that we also created with the help of AI. But yeah, before that I would like to like take your hands here. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[14:09]*: To be very honest, I won't. You know, I think in your case you are taking input from a person, from a business person on what competitor you would like to take insights from. I don't know, maybe you could again it's my thought but maybe you could make it a. Make a slight change and you know, ask the business person to add what kind of business they are working on. Add their business insights rather than, you know, just adding the competitors details. Right. I would as a like. Okay. I would you know, take the direction of the integrations only. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:51]*: Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[14:52]*: Not. Not as a product in a whole super AGI or just call for that perspective. I would just, I would rather, you know, just add details. Like let's take super AGI as an example. I would add details of what super AGI is, what we are trying to achieve, what is our goals and objectives. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:11]*: Great. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[15:11]*: Or every, any detail. I'm just, you know, this is just a high level thing sharing, you know, basis that and the. I would rather want that AI should understand what kind of business domain I'm operating in. Right. And then figure out all different businesses that are operating in the same domain around the globe. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:35]*: Okay. Okay. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[15:37]*: Right. And then provide analysis around that. You know, sometimes what happens is we are looking at just two, three players. Right. And now when I was in Just Call, I realized this as a mistake. We were looking at wrong competitors. Right. Where were at. And were, you know, comparing ourselves with the established players. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:59]*: Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[16:00]*: Which are already very far into the game. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:06]*: I get your point. Yeah, yeah, please go ahead. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[16:09]*: Yeah, So I would have rather, you know, looked at the very, very close competitors instead. Right. Obviously you benchmark the leaders. Right. But those leaders, you can't say how many leaders there are. They could be leaders in their own particular domain or there could be leaders in different markets. Right. Someone working in this like let's say CRM, that's the mode of. Or you know, that's the main app of Super Agent. Right. Now when it comes to CRM, there are different, There are multiple different players. Right. One CRM could be, you know, it's famous, it's the most adopted, like let's say Salesforce. It's being used by companies globally. Right, but what kind of companies those are? Are Those like Fortune 500 companies or you know, enterprise customers and all? Right, that's only, that's the main thing that what Salesforce serves. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:15]*: Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[17:15]*: But you being in the market, you are serving SMEs. Right. So would you look at Salesforce as. Would you benchmark Salesforce or let's say HubSpot for that matter for your own product or would you benchmark a competitor who is doing well where you are at? Right, so basically a competitor who is also focusing on SMEs similar to yours. Right, Understood. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:44]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[17:49]*: Those competitors rather than you know, benchmarking players like who are basically the leaders of the market global. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:57]*: No, I get the pain that you're coming from. What if a new competitor suddenly rises up and it kind of shakes the market? Right. So what do you do in such cases? And how can you probably keep a tab on that? Correct? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[18:10]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:12]*: The only thing is there's. There's a cost associated with each of the competitor that we are kind of saying the data that we are fetching. Right. So for each competitors there are multiple say 700 pages at times for different companies. Right. And that's super easy. Only were doing programmatic SEO for that. We had created a lot of different pages, I think close to 5,000. So in that case to go ahead and check each page, we can obviously develop an algo where we kind of take only the most what to say visited pages and kind of position or basically kind of check those pages. But then again I'm just giving like one call structure that gets added as soon as you add computer. Right. Then you have to make calls for CG2 reviews for Gartner, for everything. Basically it's multiplied per competitor. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:09]*: So hence we are I think little apprehensive about giving a computer landscape from our own self rather than the inputting. But fair point, I think there can be a section for say news or something where upcoming startups, at least basic things can be covered. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[19:29]*: Yeah, I mean initially at like one first level you can share other competitors they should be looking at. Right. So let's say for an example if I just call, I was building integrations, there was an. If there was a tool like yours where after providing some details it can recommend me which integration, which tools I should look at to build integrations with. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:56]*: No, that is fair point. I think that's a very good point. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[19:59]*: Right, so just list it out again, don't provide any analysis about it. So that won't cost You a lot. You are just. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:05]*: No, but I think we'll have to still give some evidence around it. Right. Like why does the AI. Because without evidence it's all LLM. Right. And in any case in all the prompts also we should be obviously writing like give us the reasoning behind it. Like what data point did it look at? So hence that would come. But I think definitely this is a power feature. Let's see how the market responds. But yeah, definitely, thanks for that. I. We were thinking that direction like partnership integration, but it was more like the announcements around those things and not prescriptive or separate. Yeah, prescriptive. Sort of. Which integration should we be doing basis our business and the product line that we're talking about currently. Right. So we'll have to see how we can do that. But yeah, definitely something that integration was an example. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[20:57]*: It was just, you know, one section of your entire product. It integration doesn't cannot be the entire product. Right. Integrations is, you know, is the connector between what your product is doing and what other products are doing. And then you have a link between those two. Right. So it's a very niche part of it. When you talk about competitors, you're talking I. I think in a very. What you can. What you say more broader. More, more broader perspective because you're talking about the whole, you're talking about the market. You are functioning and your whole product in the domain. You are functioning in that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:36]*: No, but that's what. So integration is a part of that. And in that particular section we can probably give something of this kind. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[21:44]*: So that is like deep diving into, you know, your competitors in which particular area of their product they are focusing so that where integrations come. When we talk about the whole product in there, I would say rather than, you know, I mean, yes, you can do Google search and all to figure out what competitive. What competitors you should be looking at or what your competitors are. But again you get a very. You don't get a complete list of what. Who exactly you should be looking at, who should be doing your competitor analysis at. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:22]*: Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[22:22]*: So if you're gonna. I think. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:23]*: Fair point, fair point. I think. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[22:25]*: Yeah, yeah. So instead of asking the user on, you know, yes, user might be aware of what all their competitors are. But if you could analyze on a global level, companies orgs are working in the same space and domain and market as you are in. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:44]*: Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[22:45]*: It gives you know, maybe it will give you a fresh perspective on whom to look at what they're doing in the market. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:00]*: Not true. I think today's date when so many startups are coming in. So definitely that makes a lot of sense. I think once we have that critical mass, right, if a lot of companies are using it, we start building a database. That's when it becomes really more easier and more affordable to kind of give that feature. But then again like initial thing can be like, okay, so as simple as I was talking to a Deloitte consultant who's working for a healthcare client in us. So their pain point is like they advise the healthcare basically company to price their products and they were saying that it changes a lot. Why? Because like the government can suddenly say that, okay, this regulation, there is this change in regulation and you have to abide within this and this date. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:52]*: So instantly they have to change and pivot and all those things. So that is part of the larger news thing that I'm probably kind of envisioning right now where we kind of give them these kind of news also. And any new upcoming startup which is say featured on Product Hunt, right in your space, relevant to you, that is something that we can, yeah, probably tell them, okay, add as a competitive track. Right. And if they start, if they want to click on that, then it basically starts tracking it and you start paying the price for that competitor also. So the access also can be comparator, I think, but that is far away for the time being. I think I'm trying to kind of see the pain points and the use cases which actually are painkillers. Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[24:46]*: I mean these are all add ons, I would say, which you can keep on adding or keep on increasing in your product portfolio. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:56]*: And at say SaaS labs you were working on the just called portfolio. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[25:02]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:03]*: Okay, okay. And who would be the competitors in that space in that case? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[25:10]*: So we majorly used to look at libio. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:13]*: Will they be a competitor? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[25:15]*: No, no level is, it's like Twilio. Their products is APIs. Right. Just call is. Just Call is a platform. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:30]*: I think we have, I think we bought it also initially when were not going into the like cold calling part, when we had not built that part out. Oh, I think I've used it once or twice. Just Call also. Yeah, please go ahead. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[25:47]*: Yeah, so jcall is a platform. Me you take services from other providers. You basically you take services from carrier partners. Like Super EJ also does the same. Right. And build over it. Right. So Plivo works in the same space as Studio. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:13]*: And also as a part of your say KPIs etc. Where you're also looking at say the UI, not UI, also the web page, the messaging, etc across these competitors of Justcom. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[26:26]*: Yeah, absolutely. So I. In 2024. No, yeah. And like end of 24, beginning 25, you know, in that six months, eight months of time I had to completely change the. How were marketing integrations on the website. And that brought in a lot of, you know, new, fresh visitors, new signups, all of that. So messaging is very important. It's like what value you are providing. So in terms of your product, it's very important you show the outcome. Right. The marketing has to be done what you are going to provide rather than what you can do. Right. That is very important is what I've learned. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:16]*: And what was the frequency of looking at these competitors from that perspective. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[27:23]*: So for me it was a, you know, circling back to one integration used to take a lot of time. Why? Because I was like the portfolio was quite big. I was managing 70 plus integrations in total. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:37]*: Okay. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[27:39]*: But they were like we had basically adoption and all we had finalized like top 10, top 15 integrations that we used to look on regular basis. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:51]*: Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[27:53]*: But ideally in most cases it's just the top three, top two or top three that you circle back, keep circling back because that's where the space is, that's where all the people are going towards. Right. For example, let's say HubSpot, Salesforce. Right. These are those tools people in some time, let's say even SMEs or mid market companies, those eventually after one year or two years they are going to pivot to these tools. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:22]*: Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[28:23]*: Because they are that good. Right. So unfortunately you cannot focus. If I have 70 integrations, I cannot put my hundred like focus on or provide give focus to every each individual integration as such. Right. You have to focus on something that is bringing in business for you. So like every few months I used to circle back to my best adopted ones. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:52]*: Understood, Understood. And feature like gap analysis etc would also be done by your team, right? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[28:59]*: Yes, yes, we used to do that. Basically there are multiple ways of doing that. User interviews is one of the best criteria I would say. But then again every business functions differently. Cannot build every use case. Right. So we look for workarounds. Right. That's why we. So we pivoted from basic integrations to you know, integrating with other tools where like workflow automation tools like Zapier. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:28]*: Make. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[29:32]*: We were also working on building an MCP. So were also looking at N8 and Claude as well. Great. Then ETL tools for data and. All right. So we had to pivot, we had to. It's difficult to cater to each and every request. So you build workarounds around that. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:55]*: Understood. I think that's helpful. Any other suggestions or anything that you have in mind, which you would like to talk about? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[30:07]*: Honestly, I'm not very AI strong. Right. I've been. I've spent a lot of my time into technical stuff and. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:17]*: All right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[30:18]*: Or platform side, how to make that strong. Because you know, I would say AI also is like. AI also is as strong as your platform is. So. Yeah, I mean I. I'm not sure how you. How your product, how the structure of your product is, but you know, I would just say make it amidable into other products might. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:47]*: Okay, okay. And you were also looking at user reviews. What was the like feedback channels for you as a product manager? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[30:56]*: Feedback channels was like first was obviously my customer success team. Like reviews you don't get unless you are actually someone you know who is. I don't know how do they get reviews if they buy it or something or. I don't know. But our user reviews on marketplace listings. So basically when you integrate your app, you get your app listed on the other's marketplace. Right. On that front, we didn't used to get good that many reviews, but then we had reviews on G2. We had reviews on, you know, common. Common marketplaces or channels where users used to leave reviews. So I used to look at that customer success team and then we had an inline feedback option for users to leave feedbacks that as well. And sometimes user interviews. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:01]*: Understood, Understood. Okay, so basically G tools, all these different platforms, user interviews and feedback from CS team. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[32:10]*: Correct. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:11]*: Or sales team, basically. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[32:13]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:14]*: Understood, understood. And is the pricing transparent on just call? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[32:24]*: No. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:24]*: Right. It's. Am I audible? Hello? Hello? Am I audible? Siddharth? Am I audible? Siddharth? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[35:50]*: Hello? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[35:51]*: Yeah, so that. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[35:53]*: Yeah, sorry, my Internet stopped working. So let me know what happened. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[35:58]*: Yeah, so I'll just keep the video off in that case. I think it'll better. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[36:04]*: Yeah, sure. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:06]*: Okay. So yeah, I think more or less I've asked all the questions that I had. Anything extra intel that you think that might be relevant for me? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[36:22]*: Have you spoken to many businesses about this? Because again, you are building a B2B product. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:28]*: Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[36:29]*: So it's very important to get insights from business people directly and just a pm. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:35]*: But yeah, please go. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[36:39]*: This will not be only doing by pms. It would be done by business people most. So are you connected with any of those people. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:50]*: Yeah. So I'm talking to different Personas right now. So product marketing managers, product managers, sales people. Right. The talent acquisition team, etc. And founders obviously I think that will be an important easy for us. So we'll be definitely talking to all of them. Yeah. Any feedback on this? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[37:16]*: Yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:17]*: So different people are giving different. Different opinions. Obviously it's a pain point for broad marketing. For sure. It's a pain point. Right. Because they have to definitely every day go ahead and track all the changes that are there on the computer websites etc and then product managers have different been feeling like product announcements or social listening is something that is important for them that they are if not ahead, they're just there when such announcements happen. Right. And for sales people around partnerships, they find it valuable because that's one space where usually I've seen, I have seen and I have also interacted with people who were saying that they have not seen competitive landscape of the partnerships. Basically sector section of the for that particular SAS tool. Right. Like which sorts of partners do they approach? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:22]*: What are the types of say tech integrators that they are integrating with? So tech integrations. So. So it's all listed at times on the website like a directory or something. But the categorization probably where should we also go ahead? Right where we are missing. That's something that is at times not available with all this like GTM teams. So yeah, that. That's more or less the feedback that I've been receiving. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[38:56]*: Okay. Body to. Again, you're building on a product. What kind of space if you want to put it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:07]*: Voice is cracking. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[39:11]*: Hello. Is it better? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:15]*: It's better. Just let's continue. It happens again, I'll tell you. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[39:22]*: Okay, so I'm saying that this is like what you just mentioned like marketing team, those looking their own areas of work. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:40]*: Yeah. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[39:42]*: So what you are building for, you're building for a business or you're building for building. Building to build cater to individual team within a business. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:54]*: That's an question that I think we don't have answer to as of yet. But the larger vision is to build it for the business. Right. Because in any case if you have say information around hiring, right. Like what that company is hiring, if it does not marry with what other product developments they are doing or where are they basically going ahead, then it's partial information. Right. That's where AI can help more actually. So obviously the founder will talk to the talent acquisition team. The C suite will talk to your different. Different departments exclusively. But Collating all that information around the web storage in a small Reddit post. Also, if somebody has mentioned something about you. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[40:42]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[40:43]*: Getting all that and then deciphering something is difficult for humans. So many data points, right. And then again, if you want to see drift of the positioning drift of the features from the last six, seven months, in that case it's difficult for a person to remember all the different jargons used, the pain points addressed in the marketing collaterals, right? That's where AI can probably come in and help a lot. So the larger vision is definitely business. We might start with one Persona that is very willing to kind of say use it and willing to pay. So we might start with one Persona and then probably go into different other Personas. But more or less, I think the best use of such data and intelligence on top of that will be when it's combined, right? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[41:35]*: Yeah. Can I give you a suggestion? It's on you whether you like it or not or whether you want to take it or not. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[41:42]*: Yeah, yeah, please. But. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[41:46]*: I would say like target the founders of businesses, right? Especially startups, right. Because at the startup stages where founders are looking more rather than established businesses, right. So I would rather start with building. If I was like if this kind of a product, you know, my target user Persona would be founders, right? Or CEOs, right. Or whoever falls into that and you know, give them the insights they're looking for, help them decide direction to take their product or their company towards, right? So once they get good like outcome from your product, they themselves will, you know, then you keep adding on more modules like for marketing team which will. That will provide marketing insights, product team that will provide in product insights. And through your founders, like once they are become too dependent on your product, they would. Their teams. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[43:12]*: No, no, spot on. I think there that's what we are also thinking. The buyer Persona has to be the founder and user. So basically the founder, right? If you think about it, you will have to do all these things that I was talking about actually. So you have to look at the messaging, the website, the reviews, right. In cs, in the product feature gap, what should be prioritized, what should not be prioritized, etc. So all that comes in the purview of founder, right? Or a CEO or a C suite level kind of person has to look into all of those things. So hence I am talking to different departments, people in different departments and once we have a rough say, layout of what are the most important things across the departments, that's where we'll try to kind of. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:05]*: Yeah, so, but I get your point. And that's what exactly what we are also thinking. It will be very important for founders. Because in any case we also used to like when I was in Super AGI every day me, Ishan Mukunda. Right. We used to kind of see on LinkedIn what computer doing save CC. Any other analogy in some other sector also, right. We would take that snapshot, post it on our say slack groups to marketing team, to product team. Like okay, let's analyze this. Can you create a landing page for this kind of a Persona which they are also doing so all that comes into for. Right. So definitely. I think that's what we are also planning. Just that we need to talk to the different teams to understand the major pain points for them. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[44:52]*: And if we are able to solve at least 1, 1 use case for each department. Right. Then it all rolls up to this founder and the CEO or the CEO etc, right. To take those decisions forward across departments. Intelligence coming from across. Because what used to happen is we used to go into a hiring call we'll be discussing about okay, this company is doing this company is doing that. Then we would go into the product call. We'll see. Okay, the feature is there. Feature is there. So it was zoom in, zoom out definitely. But that zoomed out view across these meetings is something that is probably not possibly human. Humanly possible actually. Right. Because there are so many details into each separate meeting. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[45:36]*: We have to discuss the roadmap, we have to discuss the feature so that each flow you are discussing and in that just to remember, okay, hiring me and then it's my CS team came up with this insight and then I have to marry that and come out, come to a conclusion at the same time think about the user journey during the product call. That's difficult, right? So people do definitely kind of do that. But it's not structured. I would say you don't have one canvas to lay out all those things together. So those ideas also don't come to you. Right. Every day basically. Ra. Then obviously there will be days, there will be breakthroughs when you understand, okay, this was happening there. You connect the dots. There will be days where you fail to connect the dots. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:24]*: So this is basically for them to connect the dots daily, be updated daily. Right. And kind of go there out in the market with confidence like okay, what we're doing, we know of. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[46:39]*: Correct you. Okay. So understood like yeah, that's all feedback that I have or suggestion, you know Sorb. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[46:54]*: Yes. Sourabh. Right. Biswas. Yeah, yeah. Okay. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[47:03]*: You left last year in October. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[47:07]*: Yeah, this I think end of October. Actually he had already joined at that time. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[47:12]*: Sorry, end of October in 25, right. Yes, yes, correct. Okay, got it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[47:24]*: So. But nice talking to you and thanks for all the inputs. Right. And if I have anything else to ask, I'll probably ping you. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[47:33]*: Right? Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Reach me out. Anyways these days I'm free so you can reach me out anytime. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[47:42]*: Sure, sure thing. Probably. Yeah for. But I'll. I'll come up with the questions. I have it on record. Right. So definitely a lot of things will come up as soon as we start. So we are already like talking to High Radius and Anna plan. So let's see how that goes. And yeah, once we have some sort of a beta etc, I'll probably ask you to also check it out and give your feedback. Right. And anything that you feel that you missed in the conversation, please feel free to reach out and let me know. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[48:16]*: Yeah, definitely. I'll think over it. If something new comes to my mind, I will share it with you. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:21]*: Sure. Thank you so much. Thank you so much for taking our time and thanks for all the insights. Wish you the best. Have a good day. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[48:32]*: You do all the best. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[48:34]*: Thank you. Actually start. I just forgot to actually show you like the draft report that we have been working on. So if I quickly just kind of summarize it for you. So we have. We were trying to kind of see from a linear perspective. Linear is one of Jira Sana's competitor today. So initially were focusing more on the pricing side. Right. So for the product teams to understand, okay, how is your pricing related to Jira Asana? This is under the assumption that the pricing is exposed. Right. And then you have comparable tiers. What are the gaps there? What is your unique advantage? What are the missing features for that particular price point? Right. What is the user segment sentiment analysis across platforms? Then you have your strategic recommendations. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[49:33]*: Basically add SSML SSO2 tier because Jira offers it at this price more in the SANA and this much. And around 23% of the negative reviews have cited this missing SSO as a reason of churn. So this kind of insights, this is one of the things where pricing is like exposed. Now if pricing is not exposed. I was talking about that drift. Right. System of records of your drift. So the messaging change from this is for another comparator basically for Higher Radius that we are thinking around so what is it? What has been their positioning drift, what are the hiring signals, etc. Right. And then basis that pred to intelligence that whether they will launch AI agent software. What are the different evidences that we think is contributing to this? Right. So yeah. Something similar. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[50:29]*: Does this, does this look something that probably could have be of help basically experience? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[50:37]*: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Like mostly from product side. Yes. If you're involved towards the business side now, product has different type of roles. A product manager is looking at growth. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[50:50]*: Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[50:51]*: So these insights would really help a growth. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[50:55]*: Okay. Okay, got it. Understood. And willingness to pay, how do you think that how price sensitive or how much value do you think of the background? There's no competition as such. There are few companies doing something similar. Not exactly this. They tap out. There's a computer called Glue K L U E which basically kind of plugs into your CRM and brings out insight from the CRM. Okay. But for that your CRM should be very well maintained. You should have a revops person etc, Right. To have all the nodes there. But apart from that, how like in terms of pricing and willingness to pay? I would, you would have to comment on that. What do you think? 
**Siddharth Jain** *[51:45]*: I think it will build over time initially if your price is very high. If you price it very high, people might not know. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[51:58]*: Okay, okay. High as in like area. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[52:04]*: Sorry. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[52:05]*: And any number that you have in mind because you might have used different products for internal Usage. Right. At SaaS Labs, the basis the expenditure on those, any idea on what would be a good enough probably price point that SAS lab would like to pay for such a tool. Off the bat adaptation. That is very specific. Yeah. So you might be paying for a CRM. Right. So you know, approximately these many users, this much per license. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[52:46]*: No, we might want to, you know, in terms of pricing, you might want to play it smart. Right. Initially to bring in adoption. See, in terms of paying, all the companies who have picked up funding, they not shy away if the pricing is good and within their budget. Right. If they really want to invest in something like this. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:15]*: Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[53:16]*: They will be willing to pay if the messaging or marketing is strong. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:20]*: Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[53:20]*: And that's why the first thing that I mentioned, you know that what value your product is providing, if you are able to convey that clearly people are going to, you know, subscribe to your product and everyone is looking at the competitors. Everybody wants to know what others, what their competitors are doing. Right. So the insights that you're providing are great. Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:47]*: Okay. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[53:48]*: They won't mind it paying as long as it's not too much of a. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[53:55]*: Expense, so. Exactly. That's what the number I'm trying to get at. Because see, a consulting company basically for a big SaaS company like say Salesforce. Right. If not Salesforce was too big, say mid market. Some company, if you go to MMB for a competitive, say analysis in that case they'll charge you close to 100k dollars that time, that to one time for three months. Right. So were thinking of kind of pricing it at least like 2 to 3% of that amount. Right. Because it is continuous and it's not point in time analysis that they're giving. It's getting updated every day. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[54:34]*: Got it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[54:34]*: So hence I was trying to kind of come to a number if you had something in mind for the products that you have used internally. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[54:40]*: Hence, see, not for this purpose. So honestly I'll have to do my own research to come up with some number for this. Right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[54:50]*: Okay. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[54:53]*: Yeah. But for, but again I would have, I would suggest that keep the subscription cost low. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[55:03]*: Great. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[55:04]*: And usage price heavy. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[55:07]*: Okay. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[55:07]*: Okay, got it. That is where people won't, you know, they won't mind even if the cost comes out higher because they used it. Right. They can, they can't question you. That why you are charging me so much? Right. One thing that I've observed over time and SAs during my SaaS ad is that you know, a lot of. So we did some pricing changes over the time a few times. Right. And people, users used to come back and say that, you know, you're charging us a lot. We used to see churn because of pricing and. All right. So when the subscription cost is minimal. Right. That it should be at a level where, you know, it seems neglectable for a business. Right. The price, the charges should come on, the usage part on how. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[56:06]*: So you'll have to be smart and you know, to make it in a way or pricing. Build pricing in a way that you know you are charging them for using your product, not subscribing for it. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[56:23]*: No, no, fair point. I think we'll definitely take note of that. So I just want to share my screen, this page for just call right. If you see here. So these tiers would be something that someone in your team would be looking at daily. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[56:37]*: Yeah, yeah. Yes. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[56:40]*: Okay. And they would be doing a competitive benchmarking with other platforms around the same thing and what's included, what's not. Yeah. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[56:48]*: There was a business team, we used to call them CEOs office. We used to, you know, work with PM CEO and others to come up with the pricing or benchmark the pricing. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[56:58]*: Yeah. Because if they change something like say if the changes to 500 SMS segments, in that case does the team or the CEOs office, they get that notification? Okay. Such a change has happened on the website. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[57:13]*: Oh no. Currently we don't have such a tool. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[57:14]*: No. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[57:15]*: So what you're working on is something that you need to do your research. You have to keep a track of all the changes that are happening in the market when the competitors. You have to constantly every time look at what others are doing versus your tool would be providing your. Your tool will give you a notification. Okay. This is a new change that has been made. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[57:37]*: Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[57:38]*: So it makes their job easy basically. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[57:44]*: So thanks for this also. Yeah, I think I asked all the questions. Thanks so much for spending an hour. Right. Yeah. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[57:55]*: Let me know if you want to discuss anything further. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[57:58]*: Sure, sure. I'll definitely like keep in touch and ask you whenever something comes up. Right. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[58:07]*: Yeah. Also I'm not sure if I should bring this up on this call. If you could, if you have any referrals here, do let me know here. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[58:17]*: Sure, sure. Let me see. I've not been very active right now in the market. Let me see if. So what kind of TPM profile. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[58:28]*: I can share you my resume, I worked on it and I am created a new one yesterday only I can share that with you. But not tech, not specifically technical pm. It's not like I don't. I'm not targeting integrations specifically more of towards platform side. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[58:44]*: Got it, got it. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[58:45]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[58:46]*: Okay. Just send it across. If I happen to see. Although I'm not actively looking at it but just in case if I eventually like come up to that or hear something, anything around that I'll definitely put in the reference. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[58:59]*: That means if you'll be speaking with a lot of people. So if Correct, correct. If something. If this kind of a discussion comes across then sure. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[59:10]*: No, I'll take. Take note of this. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[59:13]*: Yeah. And yeah, let's stay in touch. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[59:18]*: Thanks. Sure thing. 
**Siddharth Jain** *[59:20]*: Cool. Thank you so much. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[59:22]*: Okay, thank you. Have a good day. Talk. 
