# Soubhik Kundu and Aditya Raj Singh

**Meeting Date:** 7th Feb, 2026 - 8:00 PM

---

**Soubhik Kundu** *[00:00]*: So like a lot of time they will not be looking at things which the competition is doing so and that justifies what they do because they have this. So many companies under Google, so many products under Google, so they can do that. So that is one thing when I look at like when I was working in some other companies, plus when I was, I am also, I did a startup gig during that time. This, this was kind of important. But I would stay say like for a product manager. If, if your primary Persona is a product manager, then I think it matters. But it say it is 5% of the equation because whenever I build a product or a feature or something, I try to see like what others have in that field. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[01:10]*: But mostly like 90% of the time, maybe 95% of the time my decisions will not matter. Like my decisions will not be based on what other people are doing, like reviews and all. They are, they're good resources. But to be very honest, like I will mostly I will not decide on whether I should do so. If, if I want to make a say a better Doc app, okay. And I'm say I'm notion if I am looking at Google Docs and seeing okay, they cannot be anything better than Google Docs so I should not get in that race, then I'm doing it wrong, then notion might have, might not have come up. So it's mostly like firstly inward looking. Like 80%, 90% of the things will be inward looking and then only 5, 10% of the things will be output looking. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[02:08]*: And try to see like if someone else is doing. Because if you look inward and then you try to build a product, then you can actually build value props which is different from external things. So external things is actually helping you to set the value prop. But other than that I see like companies doing it more inwards than. But yeah, having said that, for maybe the product Persona it is a little like that but for sales it is completely different. So the intelligence which you were talking about, the pricing information, the reviews, everything is a gold mine of data for salespeople. So I think if you are trying to serve someone, don't try to serve the product team, try to serve the sales team. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[03:08]*: And that would better for you also because there is an operational cost which is like related to that and there is a cost of losing out is also there. So I think you should go ahead. Like if I were you, then I would have, like I would have been after the sales Persona than the product person. I don't know Whether you wanted this answer, but that's what I think. No, no, for sure. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[03:35]*: See there are multiple aspects to it. So in today's time, right, I get your point. We have to always definitely understand the customer, their pain points, their journey and then figure out the solution from there and their willingness to play pay basically Right. But today in the world of AI and Claude has just recently released the co worker agents also. Right. So that shipping speed and as well as the speed of disruption and new startups coming up will be at an all time high for sure. Right. And as I understand from a Google perspective it probably because they are the leader, people look up to them and probably not the other way around because I was also working with Google marketing team, cross sell team. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[04:19]*: So yeah were doing north of 700 million per year just like that by email campaigns and when I was at a startup just to reach from 0 to 2 was a very big thing. Right. So there's definite delta between like from a perspective of Google versus others trying to kind of see also like what okay, what Google is doing. Correct. What are they up to and should we also invest in that? Because they also have a lot of information that we might not have and it's always good in today's time since yeah the startups are proliferating like anything and it will keep on increasing as like people are losing jobs. They'll become more entrepreneurial by nature and by force and so hence disruptions will happen. And I get your point. I think the Persona, I think we'll also probably narrow it down. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:06]*: But right now I'm talking to all the departments of a particular company. Right? 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[05:11]*: Right. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[05:11]*: From PM to. Because what happens is sometimes features also, right. Probably one striking feature a certain customer, competitors customer might have told them which they developed or they're supposing to launch and that is something that probably we might not have guessed like say chatgpt for Google. Right. Initially it was out of the blue, right. They also never thought that okay their search engine traffic would go down because of a chatgpt but that's where it just happens like that. So hence I'm just like talking to everyone and trying to understand how so like you said 5% of the time how do you actually go about it right now if you can just elaborate on that a little bit. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[05:54]*: Mostly see I love, I'm a PM who loves frameworks so I would try to do like I would try to use frameworks like Porter's Five Courses and all that. So mostly I'll Check through that. One thing I also like is about creating moats. So I'll try to see all the competitions and then I will try to explore like if I can create some mode for. For some. Some thing. So I can give you a specific example. So when Calendly came in before that. Okay, before that like maybe three, four years I used to think like Calendar is saturated. Calendar, you cannot do anything in Calendar because Google Calendar was there and they were doing really good. But then Calendly came in and I was like, wow, what is this? Like I can book someone's calendar who I did not even see. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[06:59]*: So basically that is what their motives. Correct. So when you are first you do an inside research and you try to figure out what feature you need to build like talking to your customer and what you are doing right now. Then you check for A like externally and then you see like what unfair advantage you can have for that. What I prefer like mostly my experience has been in B2B. So for reviews and all I used to go on G2 and Captera and these kind of like products. I used to check the reviews there for B2C. A wealth of information you will get in play store reviews and all. I actually happen to check your also yours also AGI. Super AGI. So you will get a lot of reviews on these platforms. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[08:02]*: Pricing information how some companies do like B2B it's very difficult to get the pricing. But some companies are actually crowdsourcing the pricing. So those companies are like. There is one company called Vendor. I don't know if you have checked. Yeah, yeah. So Vendor do a very good pricing analytics. So they kind of know like how many people are buying how many seats and how many. How much they are paying and they are crowdsourcing it from the customers and then selling that as a. As a negotiation tool. So I think if you. If you are able to build something like that then pricing can be solved. But other than that I think you will have to be very innovative to. To know like how you can solve that. But I think there can. There can be some other alternatives as well apart from crowdsourcing. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[08:59]*: So you mostly for creating the model I will check competition and for checking competition I will usually go with like what are the feature sets they have in like not very deep in feature sets but like in at a high level. Then I will check what is the general pricing that information you can get. Then I will check like what are the reviews in. In reviews you will get a lot of feature set and everything but reviews are mostly flawed to be very honest because review. You know how B2B reviews are, right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:39]*: B2B you buy at times it's paid also. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[09:42]*: Yeah, you buy my product, I'll give you a Amazon coupon and ask you to write a review for me. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[09:47]*: I think the negative ones are the. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[09:49]*: True ones and there is no way for you to identify which is without payment and which is with payment. And mostly it will be with payment to be very honest because I was trying to build a product last year on this only. So mostly we figured out mostly it is we Talked to almost 100 startup sales leaders and these startups were in the US so I think almost 70, 80% people said like we pay our customers, once they convert, we pay them to write a review for us. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[10:34]*: No, it happens a lot actually. So G2 itself, they incentivize people rating all the apps. Basically they give some kind of I think freebies or something. I was also seeing and I was surprised like why are they doing this? But yeah, that's one of the things that is happening. True. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[10:51]*: Yeah. And when someone is paying you are going to write good things. That that assumption you can take. That's why it's true that you will not. You will get. So that's why I think like in B2B if you check, if you see in B2C you will get better reviews on Play store than for B2B in G2 or captora or something like that. So but anyway you will have to do some research, have to get some data. So that's how I. I usually do. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:27]*: Got it, got it. And so you were also working for Demand Based previously. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[11:32]*: Correct. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:33]*: There you would have a lot of competitors, right? Correct. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[11:36]*: Yes, I did. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[11:37]*: Okay. Okay. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[11:38]*: So demand based has a. Has the biggest one as zoom info. They they had 6 cents as our competition. They had others also. So what I essentially do did I'll tell you. So I took pre tier of all these companies, whichever I could take. I logged in not with the demand based account, with my personal account and I took pictures of all their screens and kept it. That's how that is a one time thing which I, I could do. And I. So I think if you can build something like that which can tell you what all features are there and it can update over time then that is a good thing to have. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[12:30]*: Correct. Whenever people are changing the features also from tier to tier or introducing a new feature in a tier. It's very small at times we might miss. Although we are constantly Obviously trying to look. But then again the AI can look at it at say 24 hours or whatever cadence we set right to go and check. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[12:47]*: Yeah, I think you don't have to be 100% correct in that. Even 90%, 80% will also be fine to start with. Even 50% is fine. So if you can capture 50% of the feature sets, that is fine. And in B2B it's not fluidic. A lot of CSMs will open some of the features for some company. I'll not open that feature for some other company. So. And B2B like the product development will also be like that. Like some company, some big account will come and tell you okay, build this feature for me and you'll go and build that feature for them because it's a big account for you so you cannot afford not serving them. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[13:31]*: So. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[13:32]*: So yeah, those are few things which I think kind of hinders but I think you are on the right path. I think this is. There is a product required not so much in product development though, but in sales and CSMs for that space. It's. It's a lot required and I think if I'm not wrong then there are companies around that also you do some, some research. I think you will get. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:07]*: No, no. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[14:07]*: So customers you have figured out competitions, primary and secondary competitions you have figured out for our. For us. Yeah, for your use case. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:18]*: So that would be partially overlapping with some company called Clue. Clue AI. So they basically plug into your CRM, fetch all the data from the CRM, basically give you a chatbot with which you can chat and try to kind of understand pain points of whatever you want from these extracts of the CRM. And then they have another I think part of the Clue K L U. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[14:46]*: E. Okay, Clue is a Chinese site. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:50]*: Yeah, yeah, Clue. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[14:52]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[14:56]*: Yeah. So they are already in the space for. Built for sales teams. Right. And they plug into their CRMs and kind of take. You can then talk to the chat work. And it's more like Notebook LLM but with an CRM integrated. Right. And I think there is one more feature that they had so there are two agents and that's how they price a lot. So they are $40,000 per year annually and yeah, so that is one. Then there is a compete by Semrush which operates more in the marketing space and gives you intel around the traffic etc those kind of things. And traffic AdWords, what ads are they posting on? Google Ads versus some other places. So that kind of in depth. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[15:44]*: And yeah, there are these two are the I think primarily kind of say market leaders in this space, specifically the signal space. And then I my co founder basically he was working in a company which was doing 10 million serving IT companies india and they used to kind of say take public information and convert it into new signal and send it over to Infosys TCSS sales team or basically contacting and basis for contact. Right. It can be a founder or a CEO talking about something that they incorporate in the pitch or say for a cyber security company, if a cyber attack happens, it comes in the news as soon as it happens it gets what is it? The signal gets passed to the sales team of Infosys TCs. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:32]*: They reach out like okay, do you need any help in kind of mitigating right now or in the future to please. So those are the places. So that kind of product is also in the market. Right. So what were trying to do is yeah, kind of take some if not inspiration, something like that, but in a different space where the whole company has outlook into competition. So I have operated a startup, right. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[16:58]*: So people. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[16:59]*: So it was a 80, 100 people team and after say that 70, 60 number, right. So communications break and people don't know about what the other team is doing, etc. And you don't have a central intelligence database or competitor. So a lot of times customers would come to us and say okay, they have this feature you don't have. So why is the product team not knowing about it? Right? So as soon as the if they launch it on the website or it comes up anywhere on the web for that matter, right? On Reddit or anywhere it should I really come to my product team that okay, they have launched this. Should we also do it? Is it an important thing that were also probably planning in the roadmap but pushing it for later. But that is not table stakes as simple as that, right? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[17:44]*: So yeah, those kind of different scenarios that I have seen kind of is propelling me in this direction at the moment. So hence the Persona we have not exactly fist. So product marketing manager would be a very important or marketing team would be an important Persona because they have to constantly look at the others messaging, right? Any. But then again that is again a siloed way to look at it because that whatever messaging change is happening, if it's an AI change then it has to be accompanied by the product also. Right? So product also has to change it and we have to change the messaging positioning has to change the co founders who get also involved. So all these things are basically interlinked to an extent. I would say hence we are kind of right now going ahead with talking to everyone. Let's see. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[18:31]*: Probably the primary Persona like you said can be sales and marketing. But I envision it probably serving the whole company. Right. And where intelligence can be shared. Right now it happens, it used to happen for us on Slack. So if I saw something I would tell them okay, these are guys are doing this. If they are launching a campaign against us, why do we need like two weeks to know okay, they were doing something against us? It should be immediately coming to me. Right. If they're adding a landing page on their website versus Super AGI in that case I should be instantly alarmed and I should also quickly add it. So simple things like because they will start ranking on that keyword and it will take some traffic away from us. So better be as proactive as possible rather than being reactive. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[19:15]*: So hence I think the form factor etc that will take shape slow and slowly. But yeah, so that's the thought procedure more or less around this. Right? 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[19:28]*: And yeah, I think this is a cool space to be in. I think there are products in this space but nothing which like as you're saying like nothing for the whole company. I don't know like how much the product team will get help out of it. Because if I am the product leader then I would say like okay, it's good to take inspiration from outside but like we might not do it. But I think for sales it matters a lot. For CSMs it matters a lot. For the marketing team it matters a lot. And you can take one of the Personas if the other companies are actually serving say sales and CS sales and marketing, you can take CSM as your Persona which will give hold of for you and then from there you can get ahead. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[20:32]*: So I think you check if you're going for CSM then you can check Gainsight. Gainside is a very good CSM tool. So you can check how they are doing it if they have some competition intelligence inbuilt in Gainsight. But I think yeah, this is a good space to be in to be honest. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[20:56]*: Hopefully. Let's see, it'll all plan out in some days. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[21:01]*: Yeah, if you need any help from my side, you can let me know. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:04]*: We can get over calls, we can talk. Sure, sure. That would be really helpful. And so in demand base also. So your product strategy or say roadmap would be only based on the customer and feedback that you receive or would you have a look in B2B it's. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[21:23]*: Mostly like that to be honest. In B2B mostly the biggest paying customer will dictate a lot of product roadmap for you. I have built many things which were told to us by our CSMs which came in from the customers and most of the customers know what the competition is doing. So. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[21:53]*: It comes from that. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[21:54]*: Yeah, if you can build something around that also how do you know what your customer know about your competition? That can also add to your feature list and that can be very effective also because then you can target those customers saying that okay, you are looking for this kind of a product outside which you're looking say zoom info for that demand base also has it. That way you can increase the sales and conversions. So I think that will serve. But think about like go in this sense like how much value you are creating for your customers. So don't go by this. Okay, these all intelligence. We are giving intelligence how that is converting into dollar values. Think about that and then build those things. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[22:52]*: Correct, correct. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[22:53]*: You'll be excited, exciting because then if you can build that analytics then you can justify how much you need to get paid. And as you're saying like clue is they have average. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[23:11]*: They. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[23:14]*: Yeah, yeah. Maybe the average order value or something like that, contract value. So if they have ACV of 40,000 you can become like 100,000 if you can justify that. So don't, don't bound yourself saying that okay, this customer is, this competition is doing 40,000. We need to build something which, where we do less than that. Don't bound yourself with that. That's a very bad strategy. I have tried that within my startups and in some of the companies also have worked with. That's a very bad strategy because then you will be running on a very thin margin. So don't do that, do this, that what you can build which can make you earn more than that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:03]*: Yeah, that's a very fair point. I think came in at the right time. Not that were thinking like that, but yeah, were thinking that okay. Probably when they built the product it was, they started around 2018. So that time AI was not there. So their cost of development, etc everything would be skyrocketing. Whereas today it will be little lesser. Definitely. Right. So we can have that margin which you can give back to the customer. That was our thought. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[24:28]*: I do want to give it back to the customer. If the customer is willing to pay you 100. For sure, for sure. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[24:35]*: Definitely. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[24:35]*: That that is not, does not value your product if you give it back to them. Customer values your product if you can earn dollar values for them. So if you can earn dollar values for them and justify, okay, you're earning say 100,000, I'm taking 60,000 out of that. So more than that. So think like that. That is a very bad strategy to be in that. That's why I'm telling you. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:02]*: No, no, for sure. And indian market that is how people operate. So we started off with Indian market. There it was just undercutting and people used to like accept, expect undercutting from us. Like okay, they are in the market for so long, why are you charging so much? Okay, but like, and then again, so that mentality is there in US it's completely different. Where they want you to kind of give them value. And again like you said, right? They are willing to pay. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[25:28]*: Yeah. No, india also you tell if you don't want, I am giving you this much value. So if you can create that analytics dashboard and you can show them that I'm giving you this much value, I'm taking a cut out of that. If you don't want, okay, then I'm losing a customer. But you will not get this much value from any other product. So become a better product to give them that much value rather than becoming a. The cheap alternative. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[25:59]*: No, for sure. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[26:01]*: A lot of people think like that. And firstly when they start building a startup, they think like this. Okay, I, I think I should be the. I, my ACV should be released to go for this. So there is one book which I can recommend. Maybe you can read Running Lean. I don't know if you have read Running Lean. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[26:26]*: Am I read the Lean Startup? 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[26:30]*: No, try to read Running Lean and. My battery, my laptop's battery went off. Okay, so you read that book. And also Ash Maria has some courses also so I highly recommend them. Okay, so you check that you'll get a wealth of information there. But firstly go for the book. I think that will give you this perspective. I, I was also given this perspective from that book. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:24]*: No, no, for sure I'll read that. So I've read product books like probably Cold Star Problem. Right. And that is also a good book. But yeah, Running Lean. Right? 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[27:34]*: You check? Yeah, it's a very good one. Do I. Are you in Bangalore? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:40]*: Yeah, I'm in Bangalore. Yes. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[27:42]*: Okay. Right now you're not working anywhere or. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:46]*: No, no, I'm full time like working on this project. Right. Now. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[27:49]*: Okay. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:50]*: Okay. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[27:50]*: And how big is your team? Like how many people? 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[27:53]*: Four people right now. Four people. Me, my co founder and one developer and a product person. Like junior product person. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[28:01]*: Okay, good. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:03]*: Right. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[28:04]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:06]*: So a few quick questions that I had like if you can just answer me briefly. I know it's over time. It's okay. Right? For sure. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[28:13]*: Yeah. You can ask me. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:14]*: Yeah. So say for demand based right when you were looking at the free tiers etc. Right. So if I just ask you like any competitive data that you wish for that you had and you did not have to hunt for what would that be? 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[28:33]*: Any competitive data. Yeah, I think pricing is one thing which could have been a good one. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[28:40]*: Okay. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[28:41]*: I also think, yeah I think feature list usually people don't have so I, I, I didn't see, I don't know you might have done much in depth competitive analysis in this space but I did not know of any company which gives complete feature list to you. True. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:04]*: Across the market. Right. And then telling which competitors have which features. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[29:08]*: Correct, Correct. But I don't know how much my decisions will be dependent on that feature list. But yeah, these are the two things which can be good. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[29:23]*: No but okay, fair point. I think few people have other also quoted this feature table basically exhaustive feature table for the whole space. So in terms of say something that you want to track for any kind of competitor, what would that one signal be? Pricing and feature launches. Probably I'm just prompting. Sorry. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[29:49]*: Launches can be. If I am in a space which is very cutthroat like sacred commerce then maybe. But if I am not, I, I, I don't know who you are targeting for B2C or B2B. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:07]*: B2B B2B B2C. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[30:11]*: I don't think launch will be a big deal. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:15]*: Okay okay. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[30:16]*: That's what I think. Maybe you can validate this with some more people but I, I don't think for B2B it's a big pain. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:24]*: Okay. So product launches when say from the other side of table, when you do product launches, do you also look probably packaging and messaging around that feature? 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[30:36]*: I think the marketing team does it sometimes. But as I said B2B is mostly done on say the biggest customer. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[30:48]*: Or the main customer's request. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[30:51]*: Yeah, maybe the biggest customer and the main customer. But otherwise also like you are very close to your customer basically. So when you are launching something you will be like letting them know even beforehand before your launch notes goes out. You will Be letting them know. So it's not like B2C, it does not happen in B2B that the way OpenAI operates or the way Google operates, it does not happen like that. Like they don't launch a feature and then they get their customers get to know. Yeah usually they will like internally they will tell. Okay, if so when I launched, I'll tell you one Intent Scores I launched for demand this okay so when I launched Intent scores so I like maybe 20, 30% of my customers already knew because my CSMs were talking with them. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[31:52]*: They were telling them this feature is already and in B2B a lot of times like your roadmap is already shared with your customer. So so they usually know okay. So their messaging is just like okay, this is a feature. This is how you can use like in your release note. It's just how to use the product. In B2B it's. It's very important. In B2C sorry, in B2C it's very important. But in B2B it's not that it is important to a level but it's not that like game changer kind of a thing. Green. If you have seen their website, they started as an enterprise search product. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[32:49]*: Okay. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[32:49]*: Yeah but now they have, they're. They're moving out of enterprise search. So it's if you see their journey, I I don't know if you have followed the journey or not, but if you have followed the churn journey, their messaging kind of changed over the, over a period of time and I think the it was orchestrated by their customer rather than they changing it. So that's how it is. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[33:21]*: Got it. But then again like say for competitors of Glean it will be important to understand this right? Because what were thinking is we'll give a drift of the messaging etc, right? Like how are they messaging probably a year back versus six months versus right now. So how that is evolving. What was the say team strength? What was the team composition probably one year back now versus now? Are they hiring more AI people? Are they hiring more sales people in a particular region? All those also will be part of the basically intel that we will be sharing. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[33:55]*: So yeah, I think it's for me the space is too opaque so for me to create to like look at a use case for this is very difficult. But I think you, if you talk to some other people and they can see the use case and if you have seen the use case by yourself, I Think it makes sense. But for me to be very honest, like being a product person, it's. It's not. I, I cannot see the use case which you are trying to show me. That is. That is where I'm coming from. So if, see if you check Zomato and Swiggy, okay, and every market will consolidate to one or two players. That's how the Pareto works, right? So every market will consolidate to one or two players. Now in that case, like it does not. It. It really does not matter. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[34:54]*: Like I really like Zomato's feature of like letting off the. The doorbell. Like please don't ring my doorbell. That feature. Okay. Now Swiggy does not have it. But if it does not have it, does it matter to Swiggy? Does that take out customers from Swiggy? The answer is no. But that is a very small feature. But say Swiggy has another feature which is like earlier it has like it launched a rain feature. Like where you can see if it is raining outside. You can see on your map it's raining. Then Zomato also launched it. So these kind of feature was like it will happen between companies, but I don't know how much. And, and if there are only two players in the market, then people do monitor each other. So you. You do not like you are very closely. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[35:55]*: Like I, I am telling you that I took three tier licenses and I took screenshot of all the products. So product teams and other teams are all does that. But yeah, I think if you can give that without effort, that is helpful. But you will have to justify them. So your mission should be to justify it with how much value the customer is creating. So you check that. If, if it makes sense then you go on building that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[36:27]*: No, no, fair point. I think. Thank you for pointing this. I think I'll keep that in mind. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[36:32]*: And yeah, for first for sales you check like how much dollar value they are converting. For product you check if you are like building that. And for B2B it's fairly easy because after building that how many new customers they're acquiring. If you can track that and what is the average order value for those new customer? Average contract value. If you can track that, then you can tell them, okay, number of customers multiplied by average contract value. This much value I have created for you by telling this, you build this and then we have done that. Then. Then your revenue increased through this. If you can do, then it makes sense. But if you cannot do this, then I don't know how much people will be willing to. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:26]*: No, I think. Fair point, fair point. I think definitely take this into account and I think what we need to probably then solve is when you said right moat. What is your moat and how can probably AI help you to kind of do that? We'll have to explore but I get your point. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[37:43]*: Yeah, I think moat is very important. Moat is the thing which keeps your product stand long. I think. I think you look for that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[37:53]*: Yeah. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[37:55]*: I'll have to leave now. Yeah, you have my number. You can connect with me. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:01]*: Yeah. And which part of Bangalore do you stay? 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[38:04]*: I stay near HSR Singh. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:07]*: Okay. Okay. So we are not very far. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[38:11]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:12]*: Let's see if we can arrange sometime probably we'll meet and actually I've been on the call then I would have shown you one of the reports that we have generated for high Radius. But yeah, probably next time and yeah, definitely like happy to talk to you again soon. Probably after talking to more people. I'll seek some advice. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[38:34]*: Talk to a lot of people. Are you building it for India or are you building it for outside that. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[38:41]*: We'Ll have to see that we have not geography specific. We have not went. Right now I'm though I'm interviewing people india because I'm india right now. It becomes easier to talk to people india time. Yeah. But probably I'll. I'm pinging a lot of people in US also and I'm talking to few of them, not a lot. So let's see. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[39:00]*: Check. Check with the Y Combinator startups like in. In Y Combinator you'll get a list of all the startups which registered like last few. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:11]*: There's a whole directory basically there. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[39:13]*: Yeah. Yes. So check with all of them. I think they will help you a lot. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:20]*: No, thank you so much. Thank you so much again for taking on time and yeah, let's stay connected. I'll probably send you some questions later on. Right. Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. Good day. 
**Soubhik Kundu** *[39:36]*: You too. 
**Aditya Raj Singh** *[39:37]*: Bye. 
